# Connect a Pinterest Business native partner to Cerby

**Description:** This article describes how to connect a Pinterest Business native partner to gain visibility on the users with shared access to your assets.

With Cerby, you can connect a Pinterest Business [native
partner](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8980877-explore-
partners#h_e7fa9c355c) to your workspace to gain visibility on the partner’s
users with shared access to your assets.

This connection is established via a monitor account with **Manager** access
to your partner’s Pinterest Business Center.

{% hint style="info" %} **NOTE:** Cerby recommends creating a dedicated
account in TikTok for Business (not assigned to a specific user) to monitor
the partner’s business center from Cerby. Preferably, set it up with a Cerby-
managed email address and phone number. {% endhint %}

After you add the native partner to Cerby, you can use our agent-based
integration to sync and import your partner’s user data.

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** You can only add a native partner in
Cerby if you have shared at least one asset with a partner in your paid social
app or vice versa. For security purposes, Cerby recommends that you invite the
admin who will create the monitor account as a **Guest User** of your
workspace. That way, they can securely share the credentials with you via a
Cerby account. {% endhint %}

This article describes how to connect a Pinterest Business native partner to
Cerby.

* * *

# **Requirements**

The following are the requirements to add a Pinterest Business native partner
to Cerby:

  * A Cerby account

  * A Pinterest Business Manager integration in Cerby. For more information and instructions, read the article [Connect a Pinterest Business Center app integration](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6119728-add-a-pinterest-business-center-integration)

  * A partner in Pinterest Business with shared access to your assets

  * An admin from your partner’s side must have already joined your Cerby workspace as a **Guest User**. For more information and instructions, read the article [How to invite a guest user to your workspace ](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8392946-how-to-invite-a-guest-user-to-your-workspace)

  * Your assets isolated into a single Pinterest Business Manager (optional)

**NOTE:** Cerby recommends your partner isolate your shared assets to avoid
syncing and importing information from other organizations or customers

  * An active Pinterest Business account with the **Manager** role on your partner’s Pinterest Business Manager

* * *

# **Connect a Pinterest Business native partner to Cerby**

To connect a Pinterest Business native partner to Cerby, you and your partner
must complete the following main steps:

  1. Partner setup in Pinterest Business

  2. Native partner connection in Cerby

The following sections describe each main step.

## **1\. Partner setup in Pinterest Business**

Your partner must complete the following steps in Pinterest Business to set up
the connection to Cerby:

  1. Create an account with the **Manager** role on the Pinterest Business Manager with the isolated shared asset. For instructions, read the article [Create and manage accounts](https://help.pinterest.com/en/business/article/create-and-manage-accounts).

**NOTE:** Preferably, set this account up with a Cerby-managed email address
and phone number, as well as a secure password, provided by your partner.

  2. Add the account to Cerby and share it with your partner.

Now, your partner is done. The next step is 2\. Native partner connection in
Cerby that you must complete using the Cerby web app.

## **2\. Native partner connection in Cerby**

You must complete the following steps in Cerby to connect with your Pinterest
Business native partner:

  1. Connect the native partner to Cerby

  2. Sync and review your partner’s users

The following sections describe each step.

### 1\. Connect the native partner to Cerby

To connect the native partner to Cerby, you must complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to your [Cerby](http://app.cerby.com) workspace.

  2. Select the **Apps** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Apps** view is displayed.

  3. Click the corresponding app card. The app details page is displayed.

  4. Activate the **Partners** tab.

  5. Activate the **Pinterest Business Partners** tab from the **Partners** section. A list of partners with shared access to your assets is displayed.

**NOTE:** If your partner exists in your Pinterest Business Manager but is not
displayed in the **Pinterest Business Partners tab** in Cerby, perform a check
for updates to sync and import their user data.

  6. Click the **More options** icon from the corresponding partner, which has a “Pending Cerby onboarding” status. A drop-down list is displayed.

  7. Select the **Connect to Cerby** button. The **Connect your partner to Cerby** dialog box is displayed.

  8. Click the **Get started** button. The **Select monitor account** dialog box is displayed with a list of Pinterest accounts.

  9. Select the corresponding monitor account.

  10. Click the **Confirm** button. The pop-up window closes, and the app details page and a success message box are displayed.

The next step is 2\. Sync and review your partner’s users, which you must
complete from the app details page in Cerby.

### 2\. Sync and review your partner’s users

To sync and review your partner’s users, you must complete the following steps
from the app details page in Cerby:

  1. Click the **Check for updates** button located at the top right of the app details page. The process to sync and import to Cerby the partner’s user data may take a few seconds.

**NOTE:** You can review the progress of the check for updates through the
**Automation** view. When the corresponding automation task has the “Complete”
status, you can continue to step 2.

  2. Activate the **Members** tab from the app details page.

  3. Activate the **Pinterest Business guest users** tab from the **User Overview** section. A table with the partner’s users is displayed.

Now you’re done. In subsequent checks for updates, you can retrieve the
updated information from your partner’s users.

