---
description: "This article describes how to turn on MFA for your Cerby account as a Guest User or member of a local user workspace."
intercom_id: 13123947
---

# Turn on MFA for your Cerby account

{% hint style="info" %}


**Who can use this feature?**

* Workspace**Owners** , **Super Admins** , **Admins** , **Users** , and **Guest Users**
* Only supported using the Cerby web app


{% endhint %}

As a **[Guest User](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8392946-explore-guest-users)** or a member of a [local user workspace](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8011381-create-and-configure-a-local-user-workspace), you must turn on multi-factor authentication (MFA) for your Cerby account to use any of the Cerby client apps: web app, browser extension, and mobile app.

This security requirement applies when you are an external collaborator in a workspace not managed by an identity provider or when you have any role (**Owner** , **Super Admin** , **Admin** , and **User**) in a local user workspace.

Typically, you are prompted to turn on MFA immediately after your first login or if your MFA method has been reset by a workspace **Admin**. All Cerby client apps require this setup before you can access the platform's features.

{% hint style="danger" %}


**IMPORTANT:** For the MFA setup, you must always use the Cerby web app on your computer and the authenticator app approved by your organization (for example, Google Authenticator, Okta Verify, or Microsoft Authenticator) on your mobile phone because you have to scan a QR code.


{% endhint %}

To turn on MFA for your Cerby account, you must complete the following steps:

1. Log in to your [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace in a web browser.
2. Click the **Turn on MFA** button from the **Add a second layer of protection** banner. A wizard is displayed with a QR code.
3. Open the authenticator app on your mobile phone.
4. Follow the instructions to add an account by scanning a QR code. A six-digit code, also known as a time-based one-time password (TOTP), is generated.
5. Click the **Next** button from the dialog box you left open in the Cerby web app. The **Try the authentication code** page of the wizard is displayed.
6. Enter the code generated by your authentication app in the **Authentication Code** field.
7. Click the **Verify** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed.

Now you are done.
