# Manage access to accounts shared via a host-guest partnership

**Description:** This article describes how to manage access to the accounts you shared with a guest workspace via a host-guest partnership.

{% hint style="info" %} **Who can use this feature?** * **Partnership Owners
and account Owners** * Available to Cerby Automate * Only supported using the
Cerby web app {% endhint %}

As a **Partnership Owner** and account **Owners** from a host workspace who
shared accounts with a guest workspace via a host-guest partnership, you can
perform the following access management tasks:

  * See the accounts shared via a host-guest partnership

  * See the guest workspace members with access to your accounts

  * Update the role on accounts shared via a host-guest partnership

  * Remove user access to accounts shared via a host-guest partnership

  * Remove accounts shared via a host-guest partnership

The following sections describe each management task.

* * *

# See the accounts shared via a host-guest partnership

As a **Partnership Owner** from a host workspace, you can see the accounts you
shared with a guest workspace via a host-guest partnership from the
**Partners** view. To do so, you must complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **Partners** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Partners** view is displayed.

  3. Select your partner from the list in the **Your partners** section. The partner details are displayed on the main panel.

  4. Activate the **Accounts** tab from the partner details. A list of accounts is displayed, as shown in **Figure 1**.

![Screenshot of the Cerby web app dashboard. The Partners view is displayed
with the Accounts tab activated and a list of shared
accounts](gitbook/images_HQaKlrQsVbIhM488SbNwsRubqRYX9mZmNYdSG_MKwjP_ZUk7V7jeAV8dZrxPLrpYeIeNj1GqSVQl17tFvVmRW7mfntp1EA2x_ZWnKtRFvIs1a_gNr4zkhMrIEsLFLkh03sUz63wGXPxvhhwh-K1maI)

**Figure 1. Accounts** tab in the Partners view of the Cerby web app dashboard

* * *

# See the guest workspace members with access to your accounts

As a **Partnership Owner** and account **Owner** from a host workspace, you
can see the guest workspace members who have access to the accounts you shared
via a host-guest partnership in the following two ways:

  * From the **Partners** view

  * From the account details page

{% hint style="info" %} **NOTE:** **Admins** from the host workspace can see
all the guest workspace members who have access to accounts shared across
every partnership. However, they can only see the shared accounts to which
they have access. Account **Owners** can only see the guest workspace members
through the account details page. {% endhint %}

The following sections describe each way.

## **From the Partners view**

To see the guest workspace members who have access to the accounts you shared
via a host-guest partnership from the **Partners** view, you must complete the
following steps:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **Partners** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Partners** view is displayed.

  3. Select your partner from the list in the **Your partners** section. The partner details are displayed on the main panel.

  4. Activate the **Members** tab from the partner details. A list of members is displayed, as shown in **Figure 2**.

![Screenshot of the Cerby web app dashboard. The Partners view is displayed
with the Members tab activated and a list of guest workspace
members](gitbook/imagesE1OkomRoPdHxknULrKMl2kbUXCrnLM0wfsWSnmCuoqiFSyzB8ECY036Lht9COV4aVbMtcGpJtZbMX4Z2YY3UR_kaJBfM9V0-Zz6zHwMP0Kkxc-
CW1KSgIFpD5AXojRE4FconiVJNvm25f2nWyzzlokM)

**Figure 2. Members** tab in the Partners view of the Cerby web app dashboard

## **From the account details page**

To see the guest workspace members who have access to the accounts you shared
via a host-guest partnership from the account details page, you must complete
the following steps:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Click the **Settings** icon of the corresponding account card. The account details page is displayed with the **Settings** tab activated.

  3. Activate the **Members** tab. A table of members with shared access to your account is displayed.

* * *

# Update the role on accounts shared via a host-guest partnership

Account**Owners** from the host workspace can update the role of guest
workspace members on the accounts shared via a host-guest partnership. To do
so, you must complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Click the **Settings** icon of the corresponding account card. The account details page is displayed with the **Settings** tab activated.

  3. Activate the **Members** tab. A table of members with shared access to your account is displayed.

  4. Select the corresponding option from the drop-down list in the **Cerby role** column:

     * **Account Collaborator:** With this role, guest workspace members can only log in to the shared account.

     * **Account Manager:** With this role, guest workspace members can log in to the shared accounts and request access to these accounts for other members.

* * *

# Remove user access to accounts shared via a host-guest partnership

As a **Partnership Owner** , account**Owner** , or **Admin** from the host
workspace, you can remove user access to accounts shared with a guest
workspace via a host-guest partnership. To do so, you must complete the
following steps:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **Partners** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Partners** view is displayed.

  3. Select your partner from the list in the **Your partners** section. The partner details are displayed on the main panel.

  4. Activate the **Members** tab.

  5. Click the **More actions** icon of the corresponding guest workspace member. A drop-down list is displayed.

  6. Select the **Remove** option. The **Remove member?** dialog box is displayed.

  7. Click the **Remove member** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed.

* * *

# Remove accounts shared via a host-guest partnership

As a **Partnership Owner** from a host workspace, you can remove an account
shared with a guest workspace via a host-guest partnership from the
**Partners** view:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **Partners** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Partners** view is displayed.

  3. Select your partner from the list in the **Your partners** section. The partner details are displayed on the main panel.

  4. Activate the **Accounts** tab.

  5. Click the **More actions** icon of the corresponding account. A drop-down list is displayed.

  6. Select the **Remove** option. The **Remove account?** dialog box is displayed.

  7. Click the **Remove account** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed.

