# Meta for Work tools for admins

**Description:** This article describes the tools and the basic management actions that admins can perform in the Meta Business Manager.

As a Meta Business Manager admin, you can grant and manage access to the Meta
for Work tools for other users.

With [Meta Work Accounts](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/work-
accounts/), your users log in to Meta devices and services for professional
use, such as [Meta Business
Manager](https://www.facebook.com/business/tools/meta-business-
suite?content_id=oRbDTGyc1K1Tonc&refsem_smb&utm_termaud-1392154218369%3Adsa-1598818772368&gclidCjwKCAiA_OetBhAtEiwAPTeQZ-4_cu6T5zP336gm9f5cXgwtaqT3NlhowO4OMuXlfojOJEdnofZl-
hoCTdIQAvD_BwE&gclid=CjwKCAiA_OetBhAtEiwAPTeQZ-4_cu6T5zP336gm9f5cXgwtaqT3NlhowO4OMuXlfojOJEdnofZl-
hoCTdIQAvD_BwE), without requiring them to have a personal Facebook profile.
These accounts offer organizations greater security control over employee
accounts with features like single sign-on (SSO) authentication and automatic
user provisioning from an identity provider (IdP), such as Okta.

This article describes how you can best use Meta Work Accounts and Meta
Business Manager to perform the following management actions:

  * Manage the Meta for Work interfaces

  * Invite external users to your Meta Business Manager

  * Configure Meta Work Accounts for SSO and automatic user provisioning with Okta

  * Deprovision users

  * Troubleshooting and support

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** [Meta for
Work](https://forwork.meta.com/), released in July 2023 for beta testing, is
being transitioned by some organizations to replace personal Facebook profiles
as the default login for Meta Business Manager. Note that this feature is
currently available to **selected customers only**. For more information or to
inquire about eligibility, please contact your Meta support representative. {%
endhint %}

The following sections describe each management action.

* * *

# **Manage the Meta for Work interfaces**

Admins of Meta Work Accounts can manage the following three main components of
the Meta for Work interfaces:

  * Admin Center

  * Business Manager

  * Migration Center

The following sections describe each component.

## **Admin Center**

The [Admin Center console](https://work.meta.com/) of the Meta Work Accounts
is the central hub for admins, enabling them to manage the organization,
including adding or removing members, verifying domains, and managing IdP
integration settings.

**Figure 1** shows the home page of the Admin Center console.

![The figure shows the home page of the Admin Center console of Meta Work
Account](gitbook/images1kztcc87BU7LBsm82DM8heH3Ja_Fc7WifmqhPLgFn-LTpgoS-p-
KajZCSHYJ1XqqR0cKgUGZbpdVZKAuorOSr7snFPCUKS_1zjNodCuPAvQA-
eBzAX3Ehp1PhjSvFYfbGcj5FgqeUtfdMTkYnhZY3lw)

**Figure 1.** Home page of the **Admin Center console** for Meta Work Accounts

You can find more information about the Admin Center and how to use it in the
following official documentation:

  * [About Admin center](https://work.meta.com/help/302615495083233/?helpref=related_articles)

  * [Creating and managing accounts](https://work.meta.com/help/316550897730268/?helpref=hc_fnav)

  * [Give access to Meta products connected in Admin Center to specific people or groups](https://work.meta.com/help/834021611131492?helpref=faq_content)

  * [Keep your managed Meta account secure](https://work.meta.com/help/6500157926724783/?helpref=hc_fnav)

  * [Different admin roles and permissions for managed Meta accounts in Admin Center](https://work.meta.com/help/1045408149576739)

## **Business Manager**

[Business Manager](https://business.facebook.com/) is the standard settings
console used by Meta Business Manager owners. With Meta Work Accounts, you can
assign assets to users through their work credentials instead of a personal
Facebook profile.

## **Migration Center**

The [Migration
Center](https://business.facebook.com/meta_business_admin_center/migration/)
is essential for tracking the transition to Meta Work Accounts. It provides
admins with the tools to monitor and manage the migration progress.

**Figure 2** shows the migration status report of the people in the portfolio.

![](gitbook/imagesQ8ArH3o4kPTCaN3xHplTHvD-1QkBvYz2TIPYN_nCQmcB_oqzvVET4Hs67x9U3ESTBPocUAuLCtmVcv3_CJwLnry-
QIha0oS_xiXRFkGby3_mC8D7yc3h6IeN_jyzt_HACoZUB0OpV_ADF3p64TDz-4I)

**Figure 2.** Migration status report in Meta Migration Center

To see the migration report, complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to your [Meta Business Manager](https://business.facebook.com/). The **IT set up** page is displayed.

  2. Select the **People in business portfolios** option from the left navigation drawer. The **People in business portfolios** page is displayed. On this page, you can see the following user information:

     * Name

     * Email

     * Business portfolio

     * Access

     * Migration status

  3. Click the **Migrate people** button. The **Migrate page** is displayed. On this page, you can see your company's high-level migration status report.

  4. Click the **Manage** button on the right side of your company. The **Overview of the Migration Status** page is displayed. On this page, you can see more details about the people who migrated and the business portfolio details.

For more information about how to plan and migrate your portfolio, read the
[Overview of managed Meta accounts setup and migration in Business
Manager](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1428374961242667) official
documentation.

* * *

# **Invite external users to your Meta Business Manager**

To invite external users to your Meta Business Manager, complete the following
steps:

  1. Log in to your [Meta Business Manager](https://business.facebook.com/).

  2. Select the **People** option from the left navigation drawer under the **Users** section. The **People** page is displayed. On this page, you can see the list of people who belong to your Meta Business Manager.

  3. Click the **Invite** **people** button from the menu at the top of the people list. The **Invite** **people** dialog box is displayed.

  4. Perform the following actions in this dialog box:

     1. Enter the email address of the user you want to invite.

     2. Click the **Next** button. The **Partial access** dialog box is displayed.

     3. Configure the access to apps and integrations and the controls the user can have in your instance.

     4. Click the **Confirm** button. The **User** **added** dialog box is displayed.

     5. Click the **Done** button. The dialog box closes, and the user you invited is added to the **People** list with the **Inactive** status.

  5. Assign assets to the user you have just invited by performing the following actions:

     1. Click the user name on the **People** page. The **Summary** of assigned assets is displayed. Because the user is new, no assets are displayed on the page.

     2. Click the **Assign assets** button located at the top menu. The **Assign assets and set permissions** dialog box is displayed.

     3. Select the assets and permission you want to assign to the user.

  6. Click the **Save** **changes** button. The **Assets Added** dialog box is displayed.

  7. Click the **Done** button. The dialog box closes, and you can now see the assets the user has assigned. 

After inviting and assigning the user assets and permissions, the end user
must accept the invitation and access your Meta Business Manager.

* * *

# **Configure Meta Work Accounts for SSO and automatic user provisioning with
Okta**

While the Cerby platform can be configured directly with Okta for SSO and
automatic user provisioning via SCIM, with Meta Work Accounts, the
configuration is now between Meta and Okta.

For instructions on how to perform the configuration, read the [Configure SSO
and user provisioning between Meta and Okta via Meta Work
Accounts](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8958775-configure-sso-and-user-
provisioning-between-meta-and-okta-via-meta-work-accounts) article.

* * *

# **Deprovision users**

When you deprovision a user from the IdP, either by entirely removing them or
unassigning the app, the status of the deprovisioned user is different
depending on the tool:

  * Admin Console

  * Business Manager

Regardless of how the status is displayed, Meta will stop redirecting users to
the SSO authentication page when they are deprovisioned.

The following sections explain the different statuses of deprovisioned users.

## **Admin Console**

When you access the **People** section in the [Admin
Console](http://work.meta.com/), the deprovisioned user’s status is
**Deactivated** , as shown in **Figure 3**.

![](gitbook/imagespuOlX5JeN97Q4sbwGSOwZyA3Dqkt4ArRBCP0dmSSOwhIR4yeOed7bdt27Gg724O-Ap_DheVXVaNcrYzf5Stkxuh2uPsoZnywU9xHBtXdrzIrxresUBz9_qTSH_HLpY3Ci55_FSG7bhT1ijKB6NWt344)

**Figure 3.** View of a deprovisioned user in the Meta Admin console

## **Business Manager**

When you access the **People** option from the **Users** drop-down list of the
[Business Manager](http://business.meta.com/) main page, the deprovisioned
user’s information is displayed with asterisks, as shown in **Figure 4**.

![](gitbook/imagesmeta-to-blur.png)

**Figure 4.** View of a deprovisioned user on the **Meta Business Manager**
page

* * *

# **Troubleshooting: Facebook refused to connect error when activating your
work account**

When following the next steps to activate a Meta Work Account, you may
encounter the error message “business.facebook.com refused to connect”:

  1. Access the [Business Manager](http://business.meta.com/) main page.

  2. Select the **Business Account info** option from the left navigation drawer. The invitation window appears, directing you to activate your Meta Work Account.

  3. Click the **Activate your work account** button. The **Activate your Meta work** **account** page is displayed.

  4. Click the **Continue** button. The information of your organization’s business account appears.

  5. Click the **Activate** button. 

     * If the “business.facebook.com refused to connect” error message is displayed, as shown in **Figure 5** , share another item within the platform.

![](gitbook/images0O6h1GEl1_7riKBjra277JHl7wOYTn1QpDm6qwF75C074L8wJBR8okCWWSb4K7u0gBY2j2hIoU152tOfk798oSeSIRoFU7qEBq6DlzO7QxQfctrzT6u_sKozC9_1zlUl3p9NrFJXFuHrGfMMfbPzaJk)

**Figure 5.** “business.facebook.com refused to connect” error message in the
**Settings** view of your Meta Business Manager

* * *

# **Troubleshooting: “Some people couldn’t be added” error when adding a user
from an unknown domain**

Meta enables users to be created at the organization level, but these users
cannot be added to portfolios (Meta Business Managers) until domains get
verified.

When inviting members from domains that are not verified within the
organization, the “**Some People Couldn’t Be Added** ” error is shown,
disabling the **Next** button.

To solve this problem, IT administrators must add and verify the domain as
part of the organization’s profile in the Meta Work Accounts settings. After
verification, invitations to members from these domains can be processed
successfully.

