# Meta for Work tools for end users

**Description:** This article describes how to use Meta Work Accounts as an end user to access your organization’s Meta for Work tools.

Meta provides two main tools for your organization to manage portfolios and
other assets: **Meta Work Accounts** and **Meta Business Manager**.

**Meta Work Accounts** provide a single login experience that enables you to
use tools like Facebook Workplace, Workplace Chat, and Portal for work
purposes. You can collaborate seamlessly with colleagues, share documents, and
stay connected, all under one secure umbrella.

**Meta Business Manager** is the command center for marketing and advertising
on Meta platforms like Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp. It’s the place where
you can manage ad campaigns, create engaging content, analyze results, and
gain valuable insights to grow your business.

**Meta Work Accounts** focuses on internal collaboration and communication,
while Meta Business Manager tackles external marketing and advertising. In
this article, you can find information about how you can access these tools
securely.

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** [Meta for
Work](https://forwork.meta.com/), released in July 2023 for beta testing, is
being transitioned by some organizations to replace personal Facebook profiles
as the default login for Meta Business Manager. Note that this feature is
currently available to **selected customers only**. For more information or to
inquire about eligibility, please contact your Meta support representative. {%
endhint %}

* * *

# **Access the Meta Work Accounts login page**

Log in to **Meta Work Accounts** using the [main](https://work.meta.com/)
page, as shown in **Figure 1**.

![](gitbook/imagesV-6Jrx2IQZiaMXCrRGNadlwveMQYhkFwCY2T3Go-9JkjjxGIZJxnx448PYJzOQlOOHj7EUYNp7YFlJrJdGdLx8Sfrwd4yhxuRRMB_iRxyJakUFNZv9q80GVkM82XTUeOJPX4OctKp_cGC5qi0Gd3bco)

**Figure 1.** Meta Work Accounts login page

* * *

# **Access the Meta Business Manager login page**

Log in to **Meta Business Manager** using the
[main](https://business.facebook.com/) page, as shown in **Figure 2**.

![](gitbook/imagesQnGT0Hv_kgqCK3JA3vXbCIqHegfBqo65GynIcXKgTkac3mJol8qXB3b-nYXt1DHF6JOBrYQPiGSvh_uhd1HJX-
s-kH5pvlmLInVUVo7YcPu-z5liTGFq3Vs7UEwLZHjNX1NVCJ7GtnjEVQ0GvVT-f6k)

**Figure 2.** **Meta Business Manager** login page

The **Meta Business Manager** login page provides different options for
logging in. If you still use your Facebook or Instagram personal profile,
click the corresponding button.

If you use a managed Meta account or **Meta Work Accounts** , click the
**Other login options** button to display another page with the option to
**Log in with managed Meta account** , as shown in **Figure 3**. With this
option, you are redirected to the single sign-on (SSO) authentication page of
your identity provider (IdP).

![](gitbook/images1jMFWRDc6h0bmikWjFZ6DlPRCO_AE4u7OKA4zwxlCTNsQ_-7h7wvb7PMYKe19CA4RNRZFjCOvvhPEOgaCAmQ_WhEkY0nrWm21gY4tjxxnXxD4Cs-86OZctEEEb5tv-
JlbxVlYQ4PAdjeDRKnBaOEFeU)

**Figure 3.** Meta Business Manager login options

You can read more about the login to the Meta tools in the [Log into your
managed Meta account given to you by your
organization](https://work.meta.com/help/1093311068161696/?helpref=topq)
official guide.

You can also learn how to manage your account information by referring to the
[Your account](https://work.meta.com/help/917581449131151/?helpref=hc_fnav)
article.

