# Turn off Cerby autofill in specific fields

**Description:** This article describes how to turn off the Cerby autofill in specific fields when using the Cerby browser extension.

The Cerby browser extension enables you to autofill your login credentials on
the login pages of your accounts. When encountering input fields on these
pages, the extension displays the Cerby
(![](gitbook/imageszRByv4Wmp19BVjx-8J26djhohxWHC4CT4gKXeATT6_ZHvnFbDMZXckR1ZV_mh7aJGa5PXOfWFTBNA5s1QWXo7R-52qx5iM7WsC6ImV1yIqIkL2c1Rnidpou8OiZc6okT2aMR6Ysy_OPmgkGmmJIUXMY))
icon within each field. Clicking the input field displays the Cerby inline
menu with your stored credentials for autofill, as shown in **Figure 1**.

![](gitbook/imagesznb84IW6zaviB9zZx2_AjpuASbgF2i6KXwGq2_yXmCax6nuZHUnnG01CeReRn6FJaXHXBVRT38Nea7ciCvkfGnpyBRzLTq4CzyGuIs-9DFGYJA1dF2RV7UmqApYCLhkgDR3epy3b1kIZdb0WdteqNKY)

**Figure 1.** Cerby inline menu turned on for input fields

Now, you can selectively turn off the autofill icon for specific input fields
on login pages. This feature offers greater flexibility and control over your
browsing and login experience. Additionally, by turning off and on the feature
per input field, you can help us correctly identify the input fields of your
accounts when the user interface changes or the login flow is different than
expected.

* * *

# Turn off Cerby autofill in a specific field

Upon opening a login page and having an active session in the Cerby browser
extension, you can turn off autofill or other related functionalities for
specific input fields, such as username or password fields.

If you want to turn off the Cerby icon and the account credentials displayed
after you click the field, you can follow either of the following ways:

  * Using the help icon

  * Using the context menu

The following sections contain the steps to turn off the extension for each
way.

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** This feature turns off the Cerby
browser extension autofill selectively, meaning that you turn off the
extension only for the field you choose. {% endhint %}

## **Using the help icon**

To turn off autofill in a specific field using the Cerby help icon, you must
complete the next steps:

  1. Click the input field to display the Cerby inline menu.

  2. Click the **Help** (?) icon located in the top-right corner of the inline menu. A menu is displayed, as shown in **Figure 2**.  
​

![](gitbook/imagesD9Yqp3yZOjxvv5fYhOA1AGqeCtFvUL2-k3UR_Dy-a9apwYu_f3c0QgHEDOUuOtfEeNyjID5uUXDetf4i2jGhoUpB6NZ2QkpaqCxDw8TpiWuIccq6HeZdTbtqV6UeMRZIMFefdsryGeVHgiWqFO4K7tg)

**Figure 2.** **Turn off Cerby for this field** option in the Cerby inline
menu

  3. Select the **Turn off Cerby for this field** option. The following occurs:

     * The **Cerby will not appear in this field** dialog box is displayed.

     * The Cerby icon disappears from the field.

     * The Cerby autofill option is turned off, meaning you won’t be able to use it to fill in your credentials.

{% hint style="info" %} **NOTE:** To turn autofill back on for the field,
follow the instructions in the Turn on the Cerby autofill option in a specific
field section. {% endhint %}

## **Using the context menu**

To turn off autofill in a specific field using the context menu, you must
complete the next steps:

  1. Click the input field to display the Cerby inline menu.

  2. Right-click the input field. A context menu is displayed.

  3. Hover the mouse over the **Cerby** option. A submenu is displayed, as shown in **Figure 3**.

![](gitbook/images1UC26gpRdCSs2vz8VcLIzsj145Nmea-2_sHflN3mOJC_WEMqPQ1qatWJREHBbPZalDMhsHWBZAC_eQW8XX5YpZw7oZSY4Pd2G1fgDRXxgBUfxZNqBd-
RfGLaI3kb0vM1V-qixWL45w3Qdru81hdf6tM)

**Figure 3.** Context menu with the **Disable Cerby for this field** option

  4. Select the **Disable Cerby for this field** option. The following occurs:

     * The **Cerby will not appear in this field** dialog box is displayed.

     * The Cerby icon disappears from the field.

     * The Cerby autofill option is turned off, meaning you won’t be able to use it to fill in your credentials.

* * *

# Turn on Cerby autofill in a specific field

To turn on autofill in a specific field, you must complete the next steps:

  1. Click the input field to display the Cerby inline menu.

  2. Right-click the field. A context menu is displayed.

  3. Hover the mouse over the **Cerby** option. A submenu is displayed, as shown in **Figure 4**.

![](gitbook/imagesH6c5vSc6AHy4PrB97W77oh0GrBWmEKyjWcXaCzadVIxiRyiOqo987phoFoe4tPQT8Gep65DlghVIj2bv-
YUgpJAOCqBfQUrvGFqCPPBcek0ntmckgnoC8U1h89XqPsd_fftW1J5Vt2t-A-cfZD5RH0c)

**Figure 4.** Context menu with the **Enable Cerby for this field** option

  4. Select the **Enable Cerby for this field** option. The following occurs:

     * The Cerby icon appears back in the field.

     * The Cerby autofill option is turned on again, meaning you will be able to use it to fill in your credentials.

