# Boost your account security with passkeys in Cerby

**Description:** This article describes the benefits of using passkeys with Cerby to boost your account security.

**Release date:** April, 2025

With the Cerby mobile app, you are always on top of security. We now support
passkeys, a passwordless multi-factor authentication (MFA) method for
authenticating and accessing your accounts.

Passkeys offer a faster, safer, and more user-friendly alternative to
passwords. With Cerby, you can enjoy all the benefits of this technology while
ensuring that your data remains protected from threats.

* * *

# **What are passkeys?**

Passkeys are a passwordless MFA method that combines biometric authentication,
such as Face ID, fingerprints, PINs, or security keys, with public-key
cryptography. This system securely logs you into apps and websites without the
need for a traditional password, offering a stronger, more secure alternative
to password-based authentication.

* * *

# **How do passkeys work?**

Passkeys rely on two components: a public key, which is shared with websites
or apps, and a private key, which stays securely on your device. When you log
in, your device uses biometric authentication to unlock the private key,
confirming your identity without exposing any credentials. The matching public
key on the app or website then validates your access, allowing you to log in
securely with no passwords needed.

This structure ensures that even if someone were to intercept the public key,
they could never access your private key. To access accounts protected by
passkeys, an attacker would need the passkey, access to your device, and the
permissions to use it.

* * *

# **Why use passkeys in Cerby?**

By using passkeys in your Cerby mobile app, you are getting the following
benefits:

  * **Passwordless authentication:** You don’t need to store your account password anymore. With passkeys, your authentication is done directly using your biometric information.

  * **Increased security:** Passkeys are phishing-resistant and immune to common password hacks. They are directly associated with the specific website or app domain and verified before releasing the private key store in your device. Furthermore, passkeys use cryptographic signatures instead of passwords, making them almost impossible to intercept or steal during transmission.

  * **Reduced password compliance policies:** Your company can reduce the policies around password policies, thus reducing administrative overhead and boosting operational productivity.

* * *

# **Get started**

To get started with passkeys in the Cerby mobile app, you must complete the
following steps:

  1. Ensure that your **[Biometric Login](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/10355971-turn-on-the-biometrics-login-feature)** is enabled in the Cerby mobile app. 

  2. Access the account login and authentication settings of your app. 

  3. Add a new passkey to your login configuration.

  4. Select Cerby as the passkey manager.

  5. Save it to your account, or assign a name to the passkey for a new account.

And you are done!

* * *

# **What’s next?**

To learn more about our support for passkeys and their functionality, refer to
the article [Explore passkeys in the Cerby mobile
app](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/10875208-explore-passkeys-in-cerby).

