# Getting Started Guide for Admins

**Description:** This article describes the key initial steps you must perform to start using Cerby as an admin.

Hi there, welcome to Cerby!

If you are reading this guide, it means you have started using our platform,
or you are interested in knowing more about us. We are a cybersecurity company
focused on helping you and your organization onboard and secure the apps you
use, as well as the accounts you share.

We automate common security hygiene tasks that are often left undone by
business users, especially for apps managed outside of IT. Some examples of
these apps include social media, bank accounts, eCommerce systems, internal
apps, and legacy systems.

With Cerby, you can continue to onboard and manage your preferred solutions
freely, with minimal but sufficient involvement from your IT department. The
following are some of the benefits of our solution:

  * **Manage accounts from a single user interface (UI).** Modify access permissions across the apps used by your team from a single place.

  * **Empower your teams.** Enable your teams to share accounts securely with any team member or third parties, such as contractors and agencies.

  * **Discover and audit all behavior in applications.** Monitor the applications registered by your team members and managed by Cerby to understand their usage.

  * **Automate common security tasks and operations.** Enable security best practices automatically for all the applications in your workspace.

  * **Remember only one set of credentials.** Access automatically all the accounts of the apps you use daily from your workspace without entering any credentials. You must only remember your credentials to log in to your Cerby workspace. 

So, let’s get started. This guide contains the following basic information:

  * How does Cerby work?

  * What’s a workspace?

  * What’s a role in Cerby?

  * What’s the dashboard?

  * What can I do from the dashboard?

  * How do I start using Cerby?

The following sections describe each topic.

* * *

# **How does Cerby work?**

The solution offered by Cerby combines the following three clients that work
together to provide you with the best experience.

  * **Browser extension:** It enables you to log in to your accounts by automatically filling the credentials you store in Cerby in the corresponding fields of your apps. It also helps automate all of the security hygiene tasks available in Cerby.

The Cerby browser extension is available for the following browsers:

    * [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/cerby-s-browser-extension/)

    * [Google Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cerbys-browser-extension/clccplmaaeihbagbefjinmclielobnkb)

    * [Microsoft Edge](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/cerbys-browser-extension/bbaiiaogfdgpbapebajffliefkfipoif)

    * [Safari](https://apps.apple.com/mx/app/cerby-web-extension/id1581820030?l=en&mt=12)

**TIP:** For instructions to install the browser extension, see the [How to
install the Cerby browser
extension](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5620156-video-how-to-install-
cerby-s-browser-extension) video.

  * **Mobile application:** It enables you to access your accounts from your mobile phone. It also serves as a second device to authenticate for sensitive tasks.

The Cerby mobile app is available for the following operating systems:

    * [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cerby)

    * [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/co/app/cerby/id1533747684)

**TIP:** For instructions to install the mobile app, see the [How to install
and set up the Cerby mobile
app](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5621519-video-how-to-install-and-
setup-the-cerby-mobile-application) video.

  * **Web application:** It enables you to manage all your accounts, share access across your teams, and access your accounts, all from a single place.

The [Cerby web app](https://app.cerby.com/) is available for any browser.

* * *

# **What’s a workspace?**

A workspace is an environment in which organizations and users can access a
set of shared accounts to log in to other apps. For example, an organization
can leverage a Cerby workspace to log in to their social media accounts and
manage the overall security of these accounts.

Through a Cerby workspace, organizations and users can also manage their
accounts and perform the following actions:

  * Manage user permissions.

  * Manage app accounts.

  * Onboard multi-factor authentication (MFA) and rotate passwords for accounts.

  * Manage user provisioning and deprovisioning.

  * Configure authentication with an identity provider (IDP).

  * Retrieve analytics for account usage and user activity.

Organizations may have one or multiple workspaces depending on their needs.
However, usually, one organization has one workspace.

Currently, you can only create a workspace from an invitation sent by the
Cerby team from our official email address,
[help@cerby.com](mailto:help@cerby.com). After creating your workspace, its
name is displayed and identified as follows **< workspace name>.cerby.com**.

* * *

# **What’s a role in Cerby?**

We leverage roles to identify what you can or can’t do in Cerby and within
your applications.

A role is a set of permissions that represent the tasks, activities, or
functions you can perform as a user. Cerby manages roles at a workspace and
item level, and roles are also inherited from the configuration of your apps.

The advantage of using role-based access management is that, after logging in
to your workspace, you are automatically granted permissions depending on your
role.

The following are the different roles in Cerby depending on your access level:

  * Workspace-level roles

    * Workspace Owner

    * Workspace Super Admin

    * Workspace Admin

    * Workspace User

    * Workspace Guest user

  * Item-level roles

    * Owner

    * Collaborator

For detailed information about roles, read the article [How Cerby manages
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-roles).

* * *

# **What’s the dashboard?**

The dashboard is the graphical interface of the Cerby web app that integrates
information about users, accounts, configuration, services, and applications.

Every time you log in to the Cerby web app, you land on the homepage, which
corresponds to the All accounts view, as shown in **Figure 1**.

![](gitbook/imagesVux09SPHs9BnCewr96J8vtal3LyYQsgdkcO40QAxvRFhyi_JzubloWH7JcbXt8TiQCpDOm2dc8L42y0wBoF0NaBLEMj2Sd1dU8CU2Y4r0IenSbbbMrwGt1s6rmXRSyrw-
XU3hJdG8iAMXW2PDN3IAw)

**Figure 1. Homepage of the Cerby Dashboard**

To navigate through the different features of Cerby, the dashboard contains
the left navigation drawer and the main section that contains the different
views, pages, information, and account cards.

## **Account cards**

Account cards are the most important components of the dashboard. They consist
of card-type buttons displayed on the dashboard homepage representing the
accounts from the multiple apps you can access and manage through Cerby.
Account cards redirect you to log in and authenticate automatically into your
apps.

Every time you add an account to Cerby, the corresponding account card is
created in the dashboard. To learn how to add an account, see the 2\. Add Your
Accounts to Cerby section.

As shown in **Figure 2** , the default view of account cards is a grid, but
you can also display them as a list. To select every view option, click the
**List** or **Grid** icons located at the top of the main section.

![](gitbook/imagesiIXBf-VnRyL-H_6VTeuVuIODIjF3yR-
Zi6hD5pO02lPJdeAX4cs3fR9DGo0lWakRwzN2_jcr3_Iz1xs6zDUf3r8metrPm2flaOspe3Fp4l5N0M4JIpo-
KVmL943AyoLGzDCYctJqoxOYHAlHmtOBQQ)

**Figure 2. Grid View of Example Account Cards**

You can also display all the account cards or group them by application or
service provider by selecting the corresponding option from the **Group by**
drop-down list located at the top of the main section.

For a list of actions that users can perform from an account card depending on
their role, read the article [How Cerby manages
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-roles).

* * *

# **What can I do from the dashboard?**

Depending on your role, you can access different features of the Cerby
dashboard. The available options are located in the left navigation drawer and
the top navigation bar, and each option displays a view or a feature in the
main section of the window.

**NOTE:** If you see a feature that is not enabled for your workspace, reach
out to your account manager or send an email to
[support@cerby.com](mailto:support@cerby.com) to enable it.

The following are the different views and features that you can display when
clicking the corresponding options from the left navigation drawer and top
bar:

  * All accounts

  * Collections

  * All members

  * Activity

  * Billing

  * Policies

  * Shared Inbox

  * My Profile

The following sections describe each view and feature.

## **All accounts**

The **All accounts** view is the default homepage of the Cerby dashboard and
contains all the accounts added to Cerby. This view is enabled for all roles.

You can perform the following actions from the **All accounts** view:

  * See and interact with account cards, as mentioned in the Account Cards section. 

  * Search for accounts by their account label or application name.

  * Add an account through a wizard by clicking the **Add account** button. 

## **Collections**

The **Collections** view, as shown in **Figure 3** , contains all the
collections created by you or your team members in Cerby to help you
categorize and access your accounts. This view is enabled for all roles;
however, users can only see the collections shared with them or the
collections they created.

![](gitbook/imagesyoqPBc5H3aCqFlkj89oSH5LJI_2puf9pttSp20tSgBGsBstlCUO-
iVbTCnEll70qaAo61VhSEOoHUC4uQa0yc_WNkfFAvt9cQgWSBNS6azNm8Jvjsk_eKYM9Gm99fcT9f9S130HHlYtXllTVUPLqaA)

**Figure 3. Collections View of the Cerby Dashboard**

A collection consists of groups of accounts. Only users with the **Account
Owner** role can add to collections the accounts they are owners of and share
collections with other users, whether they are **Account Owners** or **Account
Collaborators**.

You can perform the following actions from the **Collections** view:

  * See and interact with account cards, as mentioned in the Account Cards section, plus remove accounts from the collection.

  * Search for collections by their collection name.

  * Create a collection through a wizard by clicking the **Create collection** button.

## **All members**

The **All members** view, as shown in **Figure 4** , contains a table with all
the account members within a Cerby workspace to help you manage them. This
view is enabled only for **Workspace Admins** and **Workspace Owners**.

![](gitbook/imagesC4-DxcucKJd3p38F5dr1URCphed--
kSmY5U4zDifxcF8rASm40ZqXso_oyIC2jHGfBhvNyQeFI6ETF-c2K0sitIUpeCST-
ojlLTQT4SOhXS9dHokmkgYrl50-9c-ecIMvLm0j3aBFCkinVrwpZBrzg)

**Figure 4. All members View of the Cerby Dashboard**

You can perform the following actions from the **All members** view:

  * See the **Account Members** table with information in the following columns:

    * **Account Members:** It contains the username and email address of the account member.

    * **Workspace role:** It is the workspace role of the account member.

    * **Accounts:** It displays a **More** button to see the accounts to which the account member has an **Account Owner** or **Account Collaborator** role.

    * **Status:** It is the status of the account member, for example, **`Live`** , **`Pending`** , or **`Removed`**.

    * **Joined Date:** It is the date when the account member joined Cerby.

  * Remove account members by selecting the **Remove from Workspace** option from the **More options** drop-down list.

  * Search for account members by their name or email address.

  * Export the information from the **Account Members** table in a CSV file.

## **Activity**

The **Activity** view, as shown in **Figure 5** , contains information about
user activity within a workspace. This view is enabled for all users to see
the activity of the accounts for which they are owners, and **Workspace
Admins** can see the activity of all accounts.

![](gitbook/imagesgrZgqUEubJ_Wb6lrMMUeUCOinZQFHp-e3nzJYicUTvgDL6VWqXSNOC7voagM7Zb26KrvnFFQxL8IAnHb0076-PAcUMLXO2fLl8t2Z3BwzrR9pHSKd5sPyKTbFS2xYaNgJnsXRMyK1pCcp7g8XWeP8g)

**Figure 5. Activity View of the Cerby Dashboard**

You can perform the following actions from the **Activity** view:

  * See the **Activity Log** table with information in the following columns:

    * **Time:** It is the time when the user activity was registered.

    * **Event:** It is the type of activity performed by the user, for example, **`Login To Cerby`** or **`Account Added To Collection`**.

    * **Account:** It is the label of the account in Cerby related to the user activity.

    * **App:** It is the application related to the user activity.

    * **User:** It is the name of the user in Cerby who performed the activity.

    * **Location:** It is the geographical location of the user.

    * **OS:** It is the operating system of the user’s device.

    * **Device:** It is the user’s device from where the activity was registered. 

**NOTE:** You can apply filters to the information in the table by selecting
the corresponding options from the following drop-down lists:

    * **Date Range**

    * **App**

    * **Accounts**

    * **Users & Groups**

  * Download the activity report in a CSV file by clicking the **Download CSV** button.

## **Billing**

The **Billing** view, as shown **in Figure 6** , contains information about
your billable accounts within a Cerby workspace. This view is enabled only for
**Workspace Admins**.

![](gitbook/imagesTcKL6XuKu_riWO9xgQ4zbaOmG58eJOWbWZ_gLZiLnTpQzNdnjp5H5gND8kLL8mvS2r3atLhASwmsgCzNusSmdbSoOMC_D8UEIrqAcmk-6jZNQpAA_c89Cj6EX-09acJy6h2kHsUHfUAvvZPg_5K5Bw)

**Figure 6. Billing View of the Cerby Dashboard**

You can perform the following actions from the **Billing** view:

  * See the **Billable accounts** section with information about the fully supported and automated accounts through Cerby; also, the accounts with a phone number or email managed by Cerby.

  * See the **Billing cycle** section with information about your contract’s cycle setup with your Cerby business account manager.

  * See the **List of Billable Accounts** table with information in the following columns:

    * **Application**

    * **Account name**

    * **Username**

    * **Account Owners**

## **Policies**

The **Policies** view, as shown in **Figure 7** , contains the workspace
security policies that you can enforce for your accounts. This view is enabled
only for **Workspace Admins**.

![](gitbook/imagesJauojgxrMJhxt1OVI1mvBBafQF2DodJrPL3jZYcK60A8PCsJsmYBerifkGQHiy8sZB4e2VQEgzEOtTG4f_GpP-H3aP3l9FmNn1Zz230OY7fjHGVV3ze3_Igj_WOimfc9w1FR2l1oJ0WplIZTHXsU4A)

**Figure 7. Policies View of the Cerby Dashboard**

You can perform the following actions from the **Policies** view:

  * Enforce MFA for all accounts.

  * Enforce password rotation for all accounts within a determined time.

  * Automate MFA and password rotation for [supported apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-workflows-are-supported-by-cerby).

  * See the **Flagged Accounts** table with information about accounts that don’t comply with the workspace security policy in the following columns:

    * **Account**

    * **Issue**

## **Shared Inbox**

The **Shared Inbox** , as shown in **Figure 8** , is a feature that enables
you and your team members to receive and store the messages sent to the phone
numbers and email addresses provisioned and managed by Cerby and configured in
your app accounts. This feature is enabled for all roles when users are
**Account Owners** or **Account Collaborators** for an account.

![](gitbook/imageswQtlQNOcZtmooITFpr9T7JsQ1qN9iCQ3QlE8P0Jxnb8d-b5LaLws9J3UgllWkKhL6dv_-92jD5LQWAbjFZiN7CQezKTCWZUIUTSWgRDU3lFex9MrRKpEoBQFAdhKetOvq0p7TpftJInJ8liN4ILhLw)

**Figure 8. Shared Inbox in the Cerby Dashboard**

Cerby leverages the Shared Inbox to provide you with automatic logging-in
processes to your accounts, including verification codes for MFA. To learn
more about MFA, see the [Turning on
MFA](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vr8NALh3Qs3jpjKTOPVvK40rQzLZkEEPD605FxmLX6Y/edit#heading=h.h8vaeu69ozkz)
section.

You can perform the following actions from the **Shared Inbox** :

  * See a table with the received messages and information in the following columns:

    * **Account:** It is the label of the account in Cerby.

    * **Type:** It is the type of message received in the Shared Inbox, for example, SMS or Email.

    * **From:** It is the name of the app and the email address that sends the message.

    * **Message:** It is the content of the message.

    * **Date:** It is the date when the message is received.

**NOTE:** You can apply filters to the information in the table by selecting
the corresponding options from the following drop-down lists:

    * **App**

    * **Account**

    * **Collection**

    * **Type**

  * Refresh the page by clicking the **Refresh** button

## **My Profile**

The **My Profile** page, as shown in **Figure 9** , is a feature that enables
you to see your profile information in Cerby. This feature is enabled for all
roles.

![](gitbook/imagesAVxdgQGn_aP04EbrgN_I4wrsydK5JvkKPpK_Esu50gyahBEtK8KEZCmwK5WH2HCN-
QAq4waiCQgvKo4VCSPoqpWEq51ECZmfmo5FyQT300aEHKywuUo2OZxNTsSTVt0ofgVFGieknSsyf1U7xSw0Tw)

**Figure 9. My Profile Page in the Cerby Dashboard**

When you click the **Hi there <username>!** button, a drop-down menu appears
with the following options:

  * The profile button with your username and email address: It opens the **My Profile** page in the main section of the window with the following information in the **Details** section of the **General** tab:

    * **Joined Date:** It is the date when you joined Cerby.

    * **Email:** It is your email address registered in Cerby.

    * **Workspace role:** It is your role in Cerby.

  * The **Products and Extensions** button: It opens the **Let's get everything setup** page with the status of the browser extension (installed or not) and mobile application (device configured or not).

  * The **Log out** button: It logs you out from your workspace.

* * *

# **How do I start using Cerby?**

Now that you know all the basic information, it’s time to start using Cerby.
We prepared the following steps to get you covered:

  1. Configure your Cerby workspace

  2. Add your accounts to Cerby

  3. Start enforcing security

The following sections describe each step.

## **1\. Configure your Cerby workspace**

To leverage the organization directory and authentication you have with an
IDP, you can configure your Cerby workspace to synchronize information. With
this configuration, Cerby can perform the following actions:

  * Import the users and contacts from your organization directory so you can share accounts easily with them.

  * Provision and deprovision users automatically.

  * Leverage authentication to Cerby through an IDP.

## Supported IDPs

Currently, Cerby supports the following IDPs, and you can read the
documentation from our [Cerby Help Center](https://help.cerby.com) to guide
you on how to configure them:

  * Okta

    * [Enable Okta User Provisioning with SCIM](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5457593-how-to-enable-okta-user-provisioning-with-scim)

    * [Configure SSO Between Cerby and Okta with SAML](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5457568-how-to-configure-sso-between-cerby-and-okta-with-saml)

  * Azure AD

    * [Configure Automatic User Provisioning for Azure AD](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5638472-how-to-configure-automatic-user-provisioning-for-azure-ad)

    * [Configure the Cerby App Gallery SAML App with Your Azure AD Tenant](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5457563-how-to-configure-the-cerby-app-gallery-saml-app-with-your-azure-ad-tenant)

  * Google

    * [Configure the Cerby Pre-Integrated SAML App with Your Google Workspace](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5560674-how-to-configure-the-cerby-pre-integrated-saml-app-with-your-google-workspace)

## **2\. Add your accounts to Cerby**

After configuring your organization directory, it’s time to get down to
business and start adding your application accounts to securely manage their
access through Cerby.

Unlike other cybersecurity platforms, Cerby goes beyond storing the login
credentials of your applications. We have built app-specific automation
workflows to help you comply with security policies and reduce exposure to
cyber-attacks.

You can see the list of apps and automation workflows that Cerby currently
supports in the [Which Apps and Automation Workflows are Supported by
Cerby](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-
workflows-are-supported-by-cerby) article.

To add your accounts to Cerby, you have the following options:

  * Using the wizard

  * Sharing existing accounts

  * Sharing a business center account and assets

  * Migrating accounts from your password manager

The following sections describe each option.

## Using the wizard

The **Add Account** wizard guides you through the process of adding an
account, whether it is for an app currently supported by Cerby with automation
workflows or not, as mentioned above.

Also, you can add business center accounts to manage provisioning and
deprovisioning of access to your pages and assets in social media from your
Cerby workspace.

To add accounts using the wizard, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Add account** button from the **All accounts** view. The **Add Account** wizard is displayed.

  2. Follow the instructions of the wizard to add your account. The corresponding account card is added to the **All accounts** view when you complete the process.

**TIP:** For detailed instructions to add business center accounts, see the
corresponding articles in our Help Center:

     * [How to Add a Pinterest Business Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6119728-how-to-add-a-pinterest-business-account)

     * [How to Add a TikTok For Business Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6273647-how-to-add-a-tiktok-for-business-account)

     * [How to Add a Snapchat Business Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6273393-how-to-add-a-snapchat-business-account)

     * [How to Add a Facebook Business Manager Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5528269-how-to-add-a-facebook-business-manager-account)

## Sharing existing accounts

The **Share Account** feature enables you to share an existing account with
another user from the workspace.

To share existing accounts, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Share Account** button from the corresponding account card in the **All accounts** view. The **Share Access** dialog box is displayed.

  2. Enter the username or email address of the person in your company you want to share the account.

**IMPORTANT:** The user must be added either to your corporate SSO provider or
must have logged in to Cerby to be available for sharing.

  3. Click the **Share** button. The dialog box closes, and the account is shared.

## Sharing a business center account and assets

The **Share Account** feature enables you to share an existing business center
account and assets with another user from the workspace. However, you must
first share access to the business center and later to its assets, such as ad
accounts, pixels, and pages.

To share a business center account and assets, complete the following steps:

  1. Share the business center account

     1. Click the **Share Account** button from the corresponding account card. The **Share Access** dialog box is displayed.

     2. Enter the username or email address of the person in your company you want to share the account. The users that match the name or email address you entered are displayed automatically.

**IMPORTANT:** The user must be added either to your corporate SSO provider or
must have logged in to Cerby to be available for sharing.

     3. Select the corresponding team member. The team member is added to a list in the **MEMBER** section.

     4. Configure the role of your team member for the account in Cerby and for the business center by performing the following actions:

        1. Select the corresponding Cerby account role from the drop-down list in the **MEMBER** section:

           * **Collaborator.** Your team members will only be able to log in to the accounts.

           * **Owner.** Your team members will be able to share access and manage the account configuration.

        2. Select the corresponding business center role from the checkboxes or switches in the **Channel Role** section. These roles are inherited from the business center.

     5. Click the **Share** button. The wizard closes, and a success message box is displayed.

**NOTE:** The **Authorize <business center> share** dialog box might be
displayed if Cerby detects you don’t have an active session on your business
center. Log in to your business center in a new browser window; then, go back
to Cerby and click the **Confirm** button.

  2. Share the business center assets

     1. Click the **View Account Assets** button from the corresponding account card. The account assets page is displayed.

     2. Click the **Share Account** button from the corresponding account asset. The **Share Access** dialog box is displayed.

     3. Enter the username or email address of the person in your company you want to share the account. The users that match the name or email address you entered are displayed automatically.

     4. Select the corresponding team member. The team member is added to a list in the **MEMBER** section.

     5. Configure the role of your team member for the asset account in Cerby and for the business center asset by performing the following actions:

        1. Select the corresponding Cerby account role from the drop-down list in the **MEMBER** section:

           * **Collaborator. Your team members will only be able to log in to the accounts.**

           * **Owner.** Your team members will be able to share access and manage the account configuration.

        2. Select the corresponding business center role from the checkboxes or switches in the **Channel Role** section. These roles are inherited from the business center.

     6. Click the **Share** button. The wizard closes, and a success message box is displayed.

**NOTE:** The **Authorize <asset account> share** dialog box might be
displayed if Cerby detects you don’t have an active session on your business
center. Log in to your business center in a new browser window; then, go back
to Cerby and click the **Confirm** button.

## Migrating accounts from your password manager

The **Add Account** wizard also enables you to migrate your accounts from your
password manager to Cerby. This process involves importing your folders and
accounts and migrating the OTP seed for MFA.

To migrate accounts, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Add account** button from the **All accounts** view. The **Add Account** wizard is displayed.

  2. Click the **Migrate accounts from your password manager** button.

  3. Follow the instructions of the wizard to migrate one or multiple accounts. The corresponding account cards are added to the **All Accounts** view when you complete the process. 

## **3\. Start enforcing security**

To start implementing security best practices in your accounts, you can
enforce and trigger them from your Cerby workspace.

You can enforce the following security best practices:

  * Rotating passwords

  * Using Cerby-managed email addresses and phone numbers

  * Turning on MFA

The following sections describe each security best practice.

## Rotating passwords

Cerby can automatically rotate passwords and provide secure and robust new
passwords for your accounts. This feature is only enabled for [supported
apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-
workflows-are-supported-by-cerby) through the Cerby web app.

You can enforce password rotation for all accounts within a determined time,
and you can trigger rotation from external actions, such as deprovisioned
employees and account breaches.

To rotate the password of your accounts, you have the following options:

  * From the account settings

    1. Click the **Settings** button of the corresponding account card. The account settings page is displayed.

    2. Click the **Rotate Password** button.

  * From the **Policies** view

    1. Activate the **Password Rotation** switch in the **Policies** view to require password rotation for all accounts within the workspace every determined time.

    2. Activate automatic password rotation for supported apps every determined time.

## Using Cerby-managed email addresses and phone numbers

Cerby provides and manages securely generated email addresses and phone
numbers you can use for your accounts and across your organization.

By managing these services, Cerby can improve the logging-in process of your
applications by automatically filling your verification codes when MFA is
turned on. These codes are retrieved from your **Shared Inbox** in Cerby.

You can create a Cerby-managed email address and phone number through the web
app after adding an account to Cerby.

To create a Cerby-managed email address, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Settings** button of the corresponding account card in the **All accounts** view of the dashboard. The account settings page is displayed.

  2. Activate the **Create Email Address** switch. The **Add a Cerby managed email** dialog box is displayed.

  3. Click the **Protect my email address** button. A success message is displayed indicating the email address was created.

  4. Click the **Set up email address** button. The **Auto-forward messages** dialog box is displayed.

**NOTE:** The auto-forward messages feature of Cerby enables you to designate
recipients for the emails you receive in your Cerby-managed email address. You
can configure it later from your account settings.

  5. Click the **Skip** button. The **Update email address on <account name>** dialog box is displayed with the email address you created.

  6. Copy the email address.

  7. Open the account settings of your app in a new browser window.

  8. Configure the email address manually in the account settings of your app.

  9. Go back to the browser window with the Cerby web app.

  10. Click the **Confirm** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed.

**IMPORTANT:** Make sure you configure the Cerby-managed email address on your
app before clicking the **Confirm** button.

To create a Cerby-managed phone number, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Settings** button of the corresponding account card. The account settings page is displayed.

  2. Activate the **Create Phone Number** switch. The **Cerby-generated Phone Number** dialog box is displayed with a US phone number.

  3. Copy the phone number.

  4. Open the account settings of your app in a new browser window.

  5. Configure the phone number manually in the account settings of your app.

  6. Go back to the browser window with the Cerby web app.

  7. Select the **I have already added the phone number to <app name> account setting** option.

  8. Select the **I'm using this phone number for MFA** option if you are going to use the Cerby-managed phone number as a MFA verification method.

  9. Click the **Create Phone Number** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed.

## Turning on MFA

Cerby help you implement MFA to improve the security of your accounts
significantly.

You can configure the Cerby mobile app as an authenticator, and you can also
use Cerby-managed email addresses and phone numbers as verification methods to
improve your logging-in experience, as you saw in the Using Cerby-Managed
Email Addresses and Phone Numbers section.

Unlike other authenticator apps, when you turn on MFA with Cerby, verification
codes are distributed to all the account members whenever they need them.

To turn on MFA for your accounts, you have the following options:

  * Automatically from the Cerby web app, with a single click, for [supported apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-workflows-are-supported-by-cerby)

    1. Click the **Settings** button of the corresponding account card. The account settings page is displayed.

    2. Activate the **Second Layer of Protection** switch in the **TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION** section.

  * Automatically from the **Policies** view for new [supported apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-workflows-are-supported-by-cerby) added to Cerby

    1. Click the **Policies** button from the left navigation drawer. The **Policies** view is displayed.

    2. Click the **Edit Policies** button. The **Edit Policies** page is displayed.

    3. Activate the **Two-Factor Authentication Required** switch to turn on MFA automatically when new supported apps are added to Cerby 

  * Manually from the account settings of the application for [unsupported apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-workflows-are-supported-by-cerby)

    * Using the Cerby mobile app as an authenticator

      1. Go to the account settings of your application.

      2. Link your account to the Cerby mobile app by scanning or entering the code or secret key provided by the application.

      3. Save your recovery codes in the Cerby web app through the account settings.

    * Using Cerby-managed email addresses or phone numbers as verification methods

      1. Go to the account settings of your application.

      2. Create the email address or phone number at Cerby, following the instructions in the Using Cerby-Managed Email Addresses and Phone Numbers section.

      3. Configure the email address as a MFA verification method on the account settings of your application.

      4. Retrieve the verification codes from the Cerby **Shared Inbox** to complete the configuration process in the application.

**NOTE:** After turning on MFA manually and configuring the authenticator and
verification methods with Cerby, users will be able to retrieve verification
codes from the Cerby browser extension or the Cerby mobile app when logging in
to their apps.

