# Getting Started Guide for Account Owners and Collaborators

**Description:** This article describes the key steps you must perform to start using Cerby as an account owner or collaborator.

Hi there, welcome to Cerby!

We are a cybersecurity company focused on helping you and your organization
manage, onboard, and secure the apps you use, as well as the accounts you
share.

As a user with the **Account Owner** or **Account Collaborator** role, you can
access the following features of Cerby:

  * Share accounts securely with any team member or third parties, such as contractors and agencies.

  * Implement security best practices automatically to your apps.

  * Access your apps automatically, without entering any credentials. You must only remember one set of credentials to log in to Cerby. 

  * Onboard new apps you need to do your job.

  * Monitor activity on your accounts.

The solution we offer combines the following three clients that work together
to provide you with the best experience:

  * **Browser extension:** It enables you to log in to your accounts by automatically filling the credentials you store in Cerby in the corresponding fields of your apps. It also helps automate all of the security hygiene tasks available in Cerby.  
The Cerby browser extension is available for the following browsers:

    * [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/cerby-s-browser-extension/)

    * [Google Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cerbys-browser-extension/clccplmaaeihbagbefjinmclielobnkb)

    * [Microsoft Edge](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/cerbys-browser-extension/bbaiiaogfdgpbapebajffliefkfipoif)

    * [Safari](https://apps.apple.com/mx/app/cerby-web-extension/id1581820030?l=en&mt=12)

  * **Mobile app:** It enables you to access your accounts from your mobile phone. It also serves as a second device to authenticate for sensitive tasks by providing you with verification codes.

The Cerby mobile app is available for the following operating systems:

    * [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cerby)

    * [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/co/app/cerby/id1533747684)

  * **Web app:** It enables you to manage all your accounts, share access with your team, and access your accounts, all from a single place.

The [Cerby web app](https://app.cerby.com/) is available for any browser.

So, say goodbye to sharing credentials through spreadsheets, phone calls, or
emails. Also, forget about configuring multi-factor authentication or rotating
passwords. We got you covered and can do all the hard work for you.

Let’s get started. This guide contains the following sections:

  * How do I set up Cerby?

  * How do I add my accounts?

  * How do I protect my accounts?

  * How do I share an account?

  * How do I delete an account?

  * How do I receive notifications on my mobile phone?

  * How do I log in to my apps using the Cerby mobile app?

  * How do I see activity on my accounts?

* * *

# **How Do I Set Up Cerby?**

As an account owner or collaborator, the access to your team’s workspace in
Cerby is ready, you only have to use your corporate identity with your
configured single sign-on (SSO) provider. However, you must complete the
following three steps to set up Cerby:

  1. Log in with my corporate identity

  2. Install the Cerby browser extension

  3. Install the Cerby mobile app

## **1\. Log In with My Corporate Identity**

To log in to Cerby with your corporate identity, complete the following steps:

  1. Open the [Cerby login page](https://app.cerby.com/) with your browser.

  2. Enter the name of your workspace.

  3. Click the **Next** button. The authentication page of your SSO provider is displayed.

  4. Enter your corporate username and password in the corresponding fields.

  5. Click the **Log in** button. The homepage of the Cerby dashboard (which corresponds to the **All accounts** view) is displayed, as shown in **Figure 1**.

![](gitbook/imageshRY7FOk9HfKptJJ2dSZXRN7uPGw4HHODSc6XeXk5SnWJlDiylFFjga86zRGvDFX4lTYhDBuXTBDiQuYSwAGSHnBznbsXMLfo6vQ_DRYzu6rNttab51LBn13ZUbdSVSKU3LuxVelHebGVRRVlPw)

**Figure 1. Homepage of the Cerby Dashboard**

Now you’re in. You just have to complete two more steps.

## **2\. Install the Cerby Browser Extension**

Verify with your IT team to determine for which browsers the Cerby extension
has been approved. Then, log in and complete the following steps in that
browser:

  1. Open the [Cerby browser extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cerbys-browser-extension/clccplmaaeihbagbefjinmclielobnkb) page designated in your Cerby dashboard.

  2. Follow the instructions to install the extension on your browser.

**TIP:** For more instructions to install the browser extension, see the [How
to install the Cerby browser
extension](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5620156-video-how-to-install-
cerby-s-browser-extension) video.

Now you have set up Cerby on your desktop computer. Proceed with the next step
to use Cerby on your mobile phone.

## **3\. Install the Cerby Mobile App**

To install the Cerby mobile app, complete the following steps:

  1. Open the Cerby mobile app in the corresponding app store using your mobile phone:

     * [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/cerby/id1533747684)

     * [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cerby&hl=da&gl=US)

  2. Tap the **Install** or **Get** button. The app is installed.

  3. Tap the **Open** button. The Cerby mobile app opens with the **Welcome!** screen.

  4. Swipe left until you switch to the **Turn on Autofill in your device** screen.

  5. Configure autofill with your device. This process is different depending on your operating system:

     * iOS

       1. Activate the **Autocopy One-Time Passwords** switch. The autofill is configured automatically.

     * Android

       1. Tap the **Select** button. The autofill service configuration screen of your mobile phone is displayed.

       2. Select the **Cerby** option. A confirmation screen is displayed.

       3. Tap the **Ok** button. The autofill service configuration screen closes, and the Cerby mobile app is displayed.

  6. Click the **Done** button. The **You’re all set!** screen is displayed.

  7. Click the **Got it** button.

**IMPORTANT:** Click the **Allow** button if a dialog box appears asking you
to allow notifications.

  8. Select Cerby as the autofill service for your device. This process is different depending on your operating system:

     * iOS

       1. Navigate to the **Settings > Passwords > AutoFill Passwords** screen of your mobile phone.

       2. Select the **Cerby** option from the **ALLOW FILLING FROM** section.

     * Android

       1. Navigate to the **Settings > System > Languages & input > Advanced > Input assistance > Autofill service** screen of your mobile phone.

**TIP:** To navigate to the **Autofill screen** easily, you can use the search
bar from the **Settings** screen.

       2. Select the **Cerby** option from the list.

**TIP:** For more instructions to install the mobile application, see the [How
to install and set up the Cerby mobile
application](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5621519-video-how-to-install-
and-setup-the-cerby-mobile-application) video.

Now you are done. It’s time to use Cerby.

* * *

# **How Do I Add My Accounts?**

Cerby helps you manage and access the accounts of the apps you use, but first,
you must add them. We have the **Add Account** wizard ready to guide you
through the process.

The following are the instructions you must follow depending on the type of
account:

  * Add a regular account

  * Add a business center account

## **Add a Regular Account**

To add regular accounts, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Add account** button from the **All accounts** view of the Cerby dashboard. The **Add Account** wizard is displayed with the **Select App** page, as shown in **Figure 2**.

![](gitbook/images1ek1ZWST49BcWaaKe699XYoQRdngLT4koCDjjW-
rpWlceqU25TPmakh-6Wje7pnfGlI4b_EkxwID1R1LVIg-9ggWkKabVHnkbv1hUx331O-vdYSBcCtpoZV6aHMZxqXp_7qGlwD1rKbiB0cKfA)

**Figure 2. Select App Page of the Add Account Wizard**

  2. Select the app you want to add to Cerby. The **Add Account** page is displayed.

  3. Enter your account information in the corresponding fields:

     * **Account label in Cerby**

     * **Username**

     * **Current password**

     * **Email Linked to Account**

     * **Phone Number Linked to Account**

**NOTE:** The email and phone number fields may be mandatory or optional
depending on the app. However, we highly recommended to include them in all
cases.

  4. Click the **Finish** button. The wizard closes, and the corresponding account card is added to the **All accounts** view of the dashboard.

**NOTE:** If you see the **Next** button instead of **Finish** , perform the
following actions:

     1. Click the **Next** button. The **Onboard Multi Factor Authentication** page is displayed with the **Add a second layer of protection** and **Have Cerby Autofill the MFA** switches. 

     2. Deactivate both switches.

     3. Click the **Finish** button. The wizard closes, and the corresponding account card is added to the **All accounts** view of the dashboard.

  5. Enable at least one additional management factor through Cerby by following the corresponding instructions in the How Do I Protect My Accounts? section.

## **Add a Business Center Account**

Business center accounts enable you to manage provisioning and deprovisioning
of access to your pages and assets in social media from Cerby.

To add business center accounts, complete the corresponding detailed
instructions we prepared for you in our Help Center:

  * [How to Add a Pinterest Business Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6119728-how-to-add-a-pinterest-business-account)

  * [How to Add a TikTok For Business Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6273647-how-to-add-a-tiktok-for-business-account)

  * [How to Add a Snapchat Business Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6273393-how-to-add-a-snapchat-business-account)

  * [How to Add a Facebook Business Manager Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5528269-how-to-add-a-facebook-business-manager-account)

* * *

# **How Do I Protect My Accounts?**

With your apps added, why not shield them? The following are the instructions
you must follow to protect your accounts through Cerby:

  * Create a Cerby-managed email address

  * Create a Cerby-managed phone number

  * Turn on MFA automatically and manually

  * Rotate passwords automatically

## **Create a Cerby-Managed Email Address**

Cerby provides and manages securely generated email addresses you can use for
your accounts and across your organization.

By managing this service, Cerby can improve the logging-in process of your
applications by automatically filling your verification codes when MFA is
turned on with an email address as a verification method. These codes are
retrieved from your **Shared Inbox** in Cerby.

You can create a Cerby-managed email address through the web app after adding
an account to Cerby.

To create a Cerby-managed email address, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Settings** button of the corresponding account card in the **All accounts** view of the dashboard. The account settings page is displayed.

  2. Activate the **Create Email Address** switch. The **Add a Cerby managed email** dialog box is displayed.

  3. Click the **Protect my email address** button. A success message is displayed indicating the email address was created.

  4. Click the **Set up email address** button. The **Auto-forward messages** dialog box is displayed.

**NOTE:** The auto-forward messages feature of Cerby enables you to designate
recipients for the emails you receive in your Cerby-managed email address. You
can configure it later from your account settings.

  5. Click the **Skip** button. The **Update email address on <account name>** dialog box is displayed with the email address you created.

  6. Copy the email address.

  7. Open the account settings of your app in a new browser window.

  8. Configure the email address manually in the account settings of your app.

  9. Go back to the browser window with the Cerby web app.

  10. Click the **Confirm** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed.

**IMPORTANT:** Make sure you configure the Cerby-managed email address on your
app before clicking the **Confirm** button.

## **Create a Cerby-Managed Phone Number**

Cerby provides and manages securely generated phone numbers you can use for
your accounts and across your organization.

By managing this service, Cerby can improve the logging-in process of your
applications by automatically filling your verification codes when MFA is
turned on with a phone number as a verification method. These codes are
retrieved from your **Shared Inbox** in Cerby.

You can only create a Cerby-managed phone number through the web app after
adding an account to Cerby.

To create a Cerby-managed phone number, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Settings** button of the corresponding account card. The account settings page is displayed.

  2. Activate the **Create Phone Number** switch. The **Cerby-generated Phone Number** dialog box is displayed with a US phone number.

  3. Copy the phone number.

  4. Open the account settings of your app in a new browser window.

  5. Configure the phone number manually in the account settings of your app.

  6. Go back to the browser window with the Cerby web app.

  7. Select the **I have already added the phone number to <app name> account setting** option.

  8. Select the **I'm using this phone number for MFA** option if you are going to use the Cerby-managed phone number as a MFA verification method.

  9. Click the **Create Phone Number** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed. 

## **Turn On MFA Automatically and Manually**

Cerby helps you implement MFA to improve the security of your accounts
significantly.

You can configure the Cerby mobile app as an authenticator and use Cerby-
managed email addresses and phone numbers as verification methods to improve
your logging-in process and secure your accounts.

Unlike other authenticator apps, when you turn on MFA with Cerby, verification
codes are distributed to all the account members whenever they need them.

To turn on MFA for your accounts, you have the following options:

  * Automatically from the Cerby web app, with a single click, for [supported apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-workflows-are-supported-by-cerby)

    1. Click the **Settings** button of the corresponding account card. The account settings page is displayed.

    2. Activate the **Second Layer of Protection** switch in the **Multi-factor authentication** section.

  * Manually from the account settings of the application, for [unsupported apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-workflows-are-supported-by-cerby)

    * Using the Cerby mobile app as an authenticator

      1. Go to the account settings of your app.

      2. Link your account to the Cerby mobile app by scanning or entering the code or secret key provided by the app.

      3. Save your recovery codes in the Cerby web app through the account settings.

  * Using Cerby-managed email addresses or phone numbers as verification methods

    1. Go to the account settings of your app.

    2. Create the email address or phone number through Cerby by following the corresponding instructions in the Create a Cerby-managed email address and Create a Cerby-managed phone number sections.

    3. Configure the email address or phone number as a MFA verification method on the account settings of your application.

    4. Retrieve the verification codes from the Cerby **Shared Inbox** to complete the configuration process in the app.

**NOTE:** After turning on MFA manually and configuring the authenticator and
verification methods with Cerby, you will be able to retrieve verification
codes from the Cerby browser extension or the Cerby mobile app when logging in
to their apps.

## **Rotate Passwords Automatically**

Cerby can rotate passwords automatically, with a single click, and provide
secure and robust new passwords for your accounts. This feature is only
enabled for [supported apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-
apps-and-automation-workflows-are-supported-by-cerby) through the Cerby web
app.

To rotate the password of your accounts, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Settings** button of the corresponding account card. The account settings page is displayed.

  2. Click the **Rotate Password** button.

* * *

# **How Do I Share an Account?**

Your accounts are now protected with security best practices. Don’t wait more;
start sharing them securely with your team members through Cerby to improve
collaboration.

We have the following two features ready for you:

  * Share an individual account

  * Create and share a collection

  * Share a business center account

## **Share an Individual Account**

Cerby enables you to share an existing individual account with another user
from your workspace through the Cerby web app.

To share existing accounts, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Share Account** button from the corresponding account card. The **Share Access** dialog box is displayed.

  2. Enter the username or email address of the person in your company you want to share the account.

**IMPORTANT:** The user must be added either to your corporate SSO provider or
must have logged in to Cerby to be available for sharing.

  3. Click the **Share** button. The dialog box closes, and the account is shared.

## **Create and Share a Collection**

Cerby enables you to create collections to group your accounts and share
access to them with one or multiple users at a time. Collections also help you
keep your accounts organized in the dashboard.

To create and share a collection, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **Collections** button from the left navigation drawer. The **Collections** view is displayed.

  2. Click the **Create collection** button. The **Create a Collection** wizard is displayed with the **Name your Collection** page.

  3. Enter a name for your collection in the **Collection Name** field.

  4. Click the **Next** button. The **Add Accounts** page is displayed.

  5. Click the **(+) Add** button of the accounts you want to include in the collection. The accounts are added in the **Added accounts** list.

**TIP:** You can use the search bars to look for specific accounts both in the
**All accounts** and **Added accounts** lists.

  6. Click the **Share Collection** button after you completed adding accounts. The **Share Collection** page is displayed.

**NOTE:** If you click the **Create Collection** button, the collection is
created and will only be visible to you. You can share the collection later
with other team members by clicking the **Settings** button of the collection
and selecting the **Share Collection** option. The **Share Collection** wizard
is displayed, and you can follow steps 7 to 11 to complete the process.

  7. Enter the name of the team member you want to share the collection with in the search bar. The users that match the name you entered are displayed automatically.

  8. Select the corresponding team member. The team member is added to a list.

  9. Repeat steps 7 and 8 as necessary.

  10. Select the corresponding account role from the drop-down list under the **ROLE** column:

     * **Collaborator.** Your team members will only be able to log in to the accounts.

     * **Owner.** Your team members will be able to share access and manage the account configuration.

  11. Click the **Share** button. The wizard closes, a success message box is displayed, and the new collection is added to the **Collections** view.

## **Share a Business Center Account and Assets**

When you share a business center account with your team members, you must
first share access to the business center and later to its assets, such as ad
accounts, pixels, and pages.

To share a business center account and assets, complete the following steps:

  1. Share the business center account

     1. Click the **Share Account** button from the corresponding account card. The **Share Access** dialog box is displayed.

     2. Enter the username or email address of the person in your company you want to share the account. The users that match the name or email address you entered are displayed automatically.

**IMPORTANT:** The user must be added either to your corporate SSO provider or
must have logged in to Cerby to be available for sharing.

     3. Select the corresponding team member. The team member is added to a list in the **MEMBER** section.

     4. Configure the role of your team member for the account in Cerby and for the business center by performing the following actions:

        1. Select the corresponding Cerby account role from the drop-down list in the **MEMBER** section:

           * **Collaborator.** Your team members will only be able to log in to the accounts.

           * **Owner.** Your team members will be able to share access and manage the account configuration.

        2. Select the corresponding business center role from the checkboxes or switches in the **Channel Role** section. These roles are inherited from the business center.

     5. Click the **Share** button. The wizard closes, and a success message box is displayed.

**NOTE:** The **Authorize <business center> share** dialog box might be
displayed if Cerby detects you don’t have an active session on your business
center. Log in to your business center in a new browser window; then, go back
to Cerby and click the **Confirm** button.

  2. Share the business center assets

     1. Click the **View Account Assets** button from the corresponding account card. The account assets page is displayed.

     2. Click the **Share Account** button from the corresponding account asset. The **Share Access** dialog box is displayed.

     3. Enter the username or email address of the person in your company you want to share the account. The users that match the name or email address you entered are displayed automatically.

     4. Select the corresponding team member. The team member is added to a list in the **MEMBER** section.

     5. Configure the role of your team member for the asset account in Cerby and for the business center asset by performing the following actions:

        1. Select the corresponding Cerby account role from the drop-down list in the **MEMBER** section:

           * **Collaborator.** Your team members will only be able to log in to the accounts.

           * **Owner.** Your team members will be able to share access and manage the account configuration.

        2. Select the corresponding business center role from the checkboxes or switches in the **Channel Role** section. These roles are inherited from the business center.

     6. Click the **Share** button. The wizard closes, and a success message box is displayed.

**NOTE:** The **Authorize <asset account> share** dialog box might be
displayed if Cerby detects you don’t have an active session on your business
center. Log in to your business center in a new browser window; then, go back
to Cerby and click the **Confirm** button.

* * *

# **How Do I Delete an Account?**

When you no longer need to manage an account through Cerby, you can delete it
from the dashboard.

To delete an account, complete the following steps:

  1. Click the **More options** button of the corresponding account card. A drop-down list is displayed.

  2. Select the **Delete from Cerby** option. The **Confirm your identity to continue** dialog box is displayed, and a push notification is sent to your Cerby mobile app.

**IMPORTANT:** To confirm your identity, you must have installed and logged in
to the Cerby mobile app to receive push notifications. For more information,
see the How do I receive notifications on my mobile phone? section.

  3. Open your Cerby mobile app.

  4. Click the **It’s me!** button in the **Confirmation Request** screen of your Cerby mobile app to confirm your identity. The dialog box in your Cerby dashboard closes, and the **Delete your Account** page is displayed.

**IMPORTANT** : If you don’t receive a push notification on your Cerby mobile
app, log out of your Cerby mobile app and log back in. This will re-register
your mobile phone so Cerby knows where to send the push notification.

  5. Select the corresponding option from the **Why are you deleting your account?** drop-down list.

  6. Click the **Delete Account** button. The Cerby dashboard is displayed without the corresponding account card and a success message box.

**NOTE:** When you delete an account, we temporarily store the last account
password in the account configuration. This is done for your convenience when
offboarding accounts from Cerby. Also, for reference, you can see the past
activity of your account through the **Activity** view.

* * *

# **How Do I Receive Notifications on My Mobile Phone?**

This is a general section on receiving notifications on your mobile phone via
the Cerby mobile app.

To receive notifications, complete the following steps:

  1. Ensure you have installed the Cerby Mobile app. See the instructions in the 3\. Install the Cerby Mobile App section.

  2. Ensure you have enabled notifications for the Cerby mobile app in your mobile phone settings.

  3. Ensure you have logged in to your Cerby workspace via the Cerby mobile app at least once.

Now, you will receive notifications from Cerby during key actions that require
you to confirm your identity.

* * *

# **How Do I Log In to My Apps Using the Cerby Mobile App?**

The Cerby mobile app helps you easily log in to your apps by auto-filling the
credentials of the accounts you added to Cerby.

To log in to your apps, complete the following steps depending on your
operating system:

  * iOS

    1. Open the login screen of your app on your mobile phone. 

    2. Tap the input field you want to autofill. The keyboard is displayed with the **Passwords** button at the top.

    3. Tap the **Passwords** button. The Cerby mobile app is displayed with the accounts you have added to Cerby for this specific app.

    4. Select the corresponding account. The Cerby mobile app closes, and the login screen of your app is displayed with the input field filled.

**NOTE:** Depending on the app, you may have to click a button to move to the
next screen to fill all of the input fields. Repeat steps 3 and 4 as
necessary, and ensure you select the same account in Cerby to autofill.

    5. Click the **Log in** button.

**NOTE:** For accounts with MFA turned on, you may have to enter the
verification code in an additional screen. Perform the following actions to
retrieve the code depending on your verification method:

       * If you have configured the Cerby mobile app as an authenticator for time-based one-time passwords, the code is automatically copied to the clipboard. Tap the **Paste** button to fill the verification code field.

       * If you have configured a Cerby-managed email address or phone number as a verification method, you receive the verification code through a push notification. 

  * Android

    1. Open the login screen of your app on your mobile phone. The **Autofill with Cerby** button is displayed automatically next to the input fields or when you tap the input fields.

    2. Click the **Autofill with Cerby** button for each input field. The Cerby mobile app is displayed with the accounts you have added to Cerby for this specific app.

    3. Select the corresponding account. The Cerby mobile app closes, and the login screen of your app is displayed with the input field filled.

**NOTE:** Depending on the app, you may have to click a button to move to the
next screen to fill all of the input fields. Repeat steps 3 and 4 as
necessary, and ensure you select the same account in Cerby to autofill.

    4. Click the **Log in** button.

**NOTE:** For accounts with MFA turned on, you may have to enter the
verification code in an additional screen. Perform the following actions to
retrieve the code depending on your verification method:

       * If you have configured the Cerby mobile app as an authenticator for time-based one-time passwords, the code is automatically copied to the clipboard. Tap the **Paste** button to fill the verification code field.

       * If you have configured a Cerby-managed email address or phone number as a verification method, you receive the verification code through a push notification. 

**TIP:** For more instructions to log in to your mobile apps, see the [How to
log in to your Cerby-managed accounts on
mobile](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5620250-video-how-to-login-to-your-
cerby-managed-accounts-on-mobile) video.

* * *

# **How Do I See Activity on My Accounts?**

The **Activity** view, as shown in **Figure 5** , contains information about
user activity within a workspace. As an account owner or collaborator, you can
see the activity of the accounts for which you are an owner.

![](gitbook/images9d7i67X8iIC-q4j_-
LxZSJOlAKSW950JkpU5POVl6cN9MUJJUmkEHIgk9qJE6kkQf9Wpl4nmcCfnIt9Vw0cF4qEkPyQDvOTe4IvGBm-
YJ9u38IUPtaug5IBsG6djGyEdCMqY5gztJIPHuT5Obw)

**Figure 5. Activity View of the Cerby Dashboard**

Just click the **Activity** button from the left navigation drawer to display
the Activity view. You can perform the following actions from this view:

  * See the **Activity Log** table with information in the following columns:

    * **Time:** It is the time when the user activity was registered.

    * **Event:** It is the type of activity performed by the user, for example, **Login To Cerby** or **Account Added To Collection**.

    * **Account:** It is the label of the account in Cerby related to the user activity.

    * **App:** It is the application related to the user activity.

    * **User:** It is the name of the user in Cerby who performed the activity.

    * **Location:** It is the geographical location of the user.

    * **OS:** It is the operating system of the user’s device.

    * **Device:** It is the user’s device from where the activity was registered. 

**NOTE:** You can apply filters to the information in the table by selecting
the corresponding options from the following drop-down lists:

    * **Date Range**

    * **App**

    * **Accounts**

    * **Users & Groups**

  * Download the activity report in a CSV file by clicking the **Download CSV** button.

