# Glossary

**Description:** This article describes the basic definitions of terms that are commonly used in Cerby.

This glossary contains the basic definitions of terms that are commonly used
in Cerby:

A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z

* * *

# A

## **Account**

It is an identity created for users that enables them to sign in and access
services, solutions, or apps with a service provider such as Facebook,
Twitter, or TikTok.

An account usually consists of a username and a password, but in some cases,
such as Facebook Business Manager accounts, they donâ€™t have these identity
elements, and users are granted access through the individual profile they
already have with such service providers.

At Cerby, accounts are how users with**Account Collaborator** and **Account
Owner** roles access their apps. The following two types of accounts exist:

  * **Master account.** It is the primary account that Cerby leverages to assign a role to a proxy account for an asset.

  * **Proxy account.** It is the account that Cerby leverages to grant users access to the assets and resources of services, solutions, or applications.

## **Account card**

It is a graphical component in the user interface (UI) of the Cerby web app,
mobile app, and browser extension that consists of card-type buttons
representing the application accounts added to Cerby.

Depending on the user role on such accounts, these cards redirect users to log
in to their applications or to perform account management and security
actions.

## **Account Collaborator**

It is an account-level role with basic permissions to log in to the accounts
added to Cerby and with the roles assigned to those accounts. For the detailed
permissions of this role, read the
[Accounts](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-
roles#h_1745875704) section in the article [How Cerby manages
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-roles).

## **Account Owner**

It is an account-level role with permissions to manage the accounts added to
Cerby and their security and also manage the **Account Collaborators**. For
the detailed permissions of this role, see the
[Accounts](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-
roles#h_1745875704) section in the article [How Cerby manages
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-roles).

## **All-Access Mode**

It is a workspace-level mode with permission to see all of the existing
accounts at a workspace level, with the exception of accounts stored in local
vaults. This role is enabled and disabled on demand.

## **Asset**

It consists of sub-accounts that belong to a parent account. For example,
Pages and Ad Accounts may be assets for a Facebook Business Manager account.

## **Authentication**

It is a security process to determine the identity of users by verifying their
credentials (such as user ID, username, and password) on directories, servers,
or databases.

## **Authorization**

It is a security process to determine the role of users based on their
identity. Users are granted permission to perform actions and access specific
resources with these roles.

* * *

# B

* * *

# C

## **Cerby local user**

It is a user that authenticates directly into Cerby with a username and
password managed by Cerby. This process is as opposed to authenticating into a
configured IDP such as Okta.

## **Collection**

It consists of groups of accounts displayed in the Cerby dashboard. Only
**Account Owners** can add to collections the accounts they are owners of and
share collections with other users (**Account Owners** and **Account
Collaborators**).

* * *

# D

## **Dashboard**

It is the graphical interface of the Cerby web application that integrates
information about users, accounts, configuration, services, and applications.

To navigate through the different features of Cerby, the dashboard contains
the left navigation drawer and the main section that contains the different
views, pages, information, and account cards.

* * *

# E

* * *

# F

* * *

# G

* * *

# H

* * *

# I

## **Identity provider (IDP)**

It is a system entity that creates, stores, maintains, and manages identity
information for users, services, or systems. It provides authentication
services to other service providers within a federation or distributed
network. Cerby connects with the IDP of an organization to retrieve
information from their directory and centralize the user provisioning and
deprovisioning processes.

* * *

# J

* * *

# K

* * *

# L

* * *

# M

* * *

# N

* * *

# O

## **One-time password (OTP)**

It is a password valid for only one login session or transaction on a computer
system or other digital device. OTP is also known as a dynamic password or
authentication code.

## **OpenID Connect (OIDC)**

It is an authentication protocol that enables services and applications to
verify the identity of a user using an ID token.

* * *

# P

## **Permission**

It consists of the specific actions that users are enabled to perform in a
system, solution, or application. At Cerby, permissions are determined inside
the code and work at a workspace and account level.

* * *

# Q

* * *

# R

## **Role**

It consists of a set of permissions that represent the tasks, activities, or
functions that users can perform. Users can have none, one, or multiple (in
some cases overlapping) roles.

Cerby manages roles at a workspace and account level, and roles are also
inherited from the configuration of your apps.

The following are the different roles in Cerby depending on your access level:

  * Workspace-level roles

    * Workspace Owner

    * Workspace Admin

    * Workspace User

  * Account-level roles

    * Account Owner

    * Account Collaborator

**NOTE:** Regardless of their role, all users can add accounts to a workspace
and then introduce the account roles, and they can only share the accounts
they are owners of. Also, all users can create collections.

For the detailed permissions of each role, read the [Workspace-level
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-
roles#h_e203df23da) and [Item-level
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-
roles#h_50f9a80386) sections in the article [How Cerby manages
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-roles).

* * *

# S

## **Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML)**

It is a standard that enables IDPs and service providers to exchange data to
authenticate and authorize users. With this standard, service providers can
enable SSO processes for users across applications that support SAML.

## **Service provider**

It is an entity that provides services, solutions, or applications to end
users and organizations. For example, Twitter, Mailchimp, or Instagram.

## **Shared Inbox**

It is a feature that enables you and your team members to receive and store
the messages sent to the phone numbers and email addresses provisioned and
managed by Cerby and configured in your app accounts.

Cerby leverages the **Shared Inbox** to provide you with automatic logging-in
processes to your accounts, including verification codes for 2FA.

## **Single sign-on (SSO)**

It is an authentication method that enables users to log in to multiple
applications or services using a single set of credentials.

## **System for Cross-Domain Identity Management (SCIM)**

It is a standard for automating the interchange of user identity information
between IDPs and service providers. At Cerby, this standard enables automation
for provisioning and deprovisioning users.

* * *

# T

## **Two-factor authentication (2FA)**

It is a security process that involves two identification points to
authenticate users. The first factor is a password and the second is a
verification code sent to different verification methods, such as SMS, email,
or mobile application. 2FA is configured for the app accounts added on Cerby
that support this authentication method.

* * *

# U

* * *

# V

## **Verification code**

It is a security code provided by authenticators when users try to complete
tasks (such as recovering a password or turning on 2FA) or logging in to a
service or application. It ensures that only authorized users gain access or
perform the actions. At Cerby, verification codes are sent to the mobile
application.

## **Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP)**

It is a communication protocol that enables users to access phone services
through IP. At Cerby, VoIP is commonly used to deliver verification messages
for user authentication.

* * *

# W

## **Workspace**

It is the environment in which organizations and users can access a set of
shared accounts to log in to other apps. For example, an organization can
leverage a Cerby workspace to log in to their social media accounts and manage
the overall security of these accounts.

Through a Cerby workspace, organizations and users can also manage their
accounts and perform the following actions:

  * Manage user permissions.

  * Manage app accounts.

  * Onboard two-factor authentication (2FA) and rotate passwords for accounts.

  * Manage user provisioning and deprovisioning.

  * Configure authentication with an identity provider (IDP).

  * Retrieve analytics for account usage and user activity.

Organizations may have one or multiple workspaces depending on their needs.
Though usually, one organization has one workspace.

Currently, you can only create a workspace from an invitation sent by the
Cerby team from our official email address,
[help@cerby.com](mailto:help@cerby.com). After creating your workspace, its
name is displayed and identified as follows **< workspace name>.cerby.com**.

## **Workspace Admin**

It is a workspace-level role with permissions to manage accounts and configure
their security and also manage users within Cerby, including their permission
level. For the detailed permissions of this role, read the [Workspace-level
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-
roles#h_e203df23da) section in the article [How Cerby manages
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-roles).

## **Workspace Owner**

It is a workspace-level role with permissions to perform the same actions as
**Workspace** **Admins** , as well as configure the IDP settings and create
and configure a workspace. For the detailed permissions of this role, read the
[Workspace-level roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-
manages-roles#h_e203df23da) section in the article [How Cerby manages
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-roles).

## **Workspace User**

It is a workspace-level role with basic permissions to log in to the accounts
registered in Cerby, see other users from their organization, and configure
the security of accounts. For the detailed permissions of this role, read the
[Workspace-level roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-
manages-roles#h_e203df23da) section in the article [How Cerby manages
roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-roles).

* * *

# X

* * *

# Y

* * *

# Z

* * *

