# [Video] Connect your YouTube Studio app integration

**Description:** [Article description] This video shows how to add the YouTube app integration to manage access to it and its assets from Cerby centrally.

# Key concepts

  * Learn how to connect the YouTube app integration to Cerby to manage user access centrally.

  * Understand the prerequisites, including creating a service account in your corporate identity provider (IdP) and ensuring it has the **Owner** or **Manager** role on your YouTube channel.

  * Follow step-by-step instructions to configure the integration, including entering channel details and selecting user management methods.

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** For a successful onboarding, make
sure you meet the following prerequisites before getting started: * The
**Channel ID** of your YouTube channel. You can copy the ID from the [Advanced
settings](https://www.youtube.com/account_advanced) of your YouTube Studio
account. For more information, read the [Find your YouTube user & channel
IDs](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/3250431?hl=en) official
documentation * A service account in the IdP (Okta, Entra ID, Jumpcloud,
Other) with the following characteristics: * It must have the Google Suite
apps assigned; thus, having access to the Gmail Inbox * It must have the
**Owner** or **Manager** role on the YouTube channel * It must have the multi-
factor authentication (MFA) method enabled for the Google account, thus
accepting authenticator apps, such as Google Authenticator or Phone MFA. The
steps to turn on MFA are referenced in the following videos: 1\. [How to add a
Cerby-managed email or phone number to your
account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9186795-video-connect-your-
youtube-studio-app-integration) 2\. [How to turn on MFA for Google
manually](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/7934853-video-how-to-turn-on-2fa-
for-google-manually) * It must be used exclusively to add the YouTube app
integration to Cerby; thus, don't assign it to a user * It must be added to
your channel with the Manager role. For more information, read the [Add or
remove access to your YouTube channel with channel
permissions](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/9481328?hl=en#:~:text=Tap%20your%20profile%20picture%20.,you'd%20like%20to%20invite.)
official documentation {% endhint %}

# 1\. Complete the prerequisites before onboarding YouTube Studio to Cerby

Check the video to verify you fulfill the prerequisites before onboarding
YouTube Studio to Cerby.

  * Verify you are the "Owner" or "Manager" of your YouTube channels: <https://www.youtube.com/account>

# 2\. Connect the YouTube Studio app integration

Complete the instructions in the video to connect the YouTube Studio app
integration.

