# Explore IdLCM

**Description:** This article describes the benefits of using IdLCM to simplify identity and access management by connecting disconnected apps to your IdP.

With Cerby's **Identity Lifecycle Management**(IdLCM) solution, you can
connect all your disconnected apps to your identity provider (IdP), such as
Okta or Entra ID, to provide a single place to manage enterprise identities.

Despite the significant adoption of IdP and identity governance and
administration (IGA) systems, organizations still face major gaps in identity
and access management. Apps are expanding faster than the adoption of
standards to simplify identity and access management. Cerby’s IdLCM solution
helps close this gap by extending the visibility, control, and automation of
users and their access to an organization’s disconnected apps.

IdLCM provides the missing interoperability between your IdP and disconnected
apps by offering SCIM and RESTful interfaces. Acting as an intermediary, Cerby
receives user and group provisioning or deprovisioning events from the IdP or
IGA system, translates them, and sends the appropriate instructions to the
external disconnected apps, enabling the automation of the joiner-mover-leaver
tasks.

Combined with Cerby’s credential management capabilities, IdLCM offers IdP-
compatible single sign-on (SSO), account discovery, and credential capture
functionality to address the challenges of disconnected apps. Furthermore,
IdLCM is integrated with the posture management capabilities of Cerby,
enabling corporations to enforce password rotation and MFA policies in managed
accounts and integrated apps. The following are other benefits of IdLCM:

  * **Automated user account management** : Streamlines user onboarding and offboarding by automatically creating, updating, and removing accounts in Cerby-integrated apps based on changes in your IdP or IGA system.

  * **Role and permission synchronization:** Ensures user roles and permissions are consistently synchronized and up-to-date across your Cerby-integrated apps.

  * **Audit trails for governance and compliance:** Maintains detailed logs of all identity lifecycle events, facilitating effective governance and compliance, along with real-time notifications for provisioning and deprovisioning errors. 

  * **Secure access enforcement:** Improves security posture by enforcing policies like MFA and password rotation for Cerby-integrated apps.

  * **SSO integration:** Enables seamless login experiences for users, even for apps that do not natively support SSO.

  * **Simplified integration setup:** Ensures reliable provisioning operations across all supported apps.

* * *

# **Key concepts**

**Table 1** contains the key concepts that are essential for understanding the
IdLCM solution:

**Concept**| **Description**  
---|---  
**Asset**|  It is a resource, entity, or subproduct associated with and
managed by external apps for specific purposes within the app’s core
functionality. Access to assets is governed by the user’s license or seat. In
paid social apps, assets are used for advertising and marketing, such as
pages, pixels, or ad accounts. In apps with other use cases, assets can be
projects, teams, boards, libraries, or workspaces.  
**Connected account**|  It is a Cerby account associated with an integration
user. This account corresponds to an individual user who has a license or seat
in an external app; therefore, it’s not an account meant to be shared with
other users.  
**Credential capture**|  It is the process of detecting and autosaving user
login credentials to enable secure automation and account usage monitoring.  
**Entitlement**|  It is a specific permission granted to a user or role to
perform actions on a resource. Entitlements dictate what a user can do, for
example, read a file, modify a database record, or view customer data. These
permissions can be granted or denied.  
**External app**|  It is a third-party app or service provider that relies on
Cerby to manage the lifecycle of enterprise identities. Access to these apps
is governed by users’ licenses or seats.  
**Group**|  It is a collection of users in identity and access management
(IAM) systems with shared characteristics, access rights, or responsibilities.
Groups are used to streamline user assignment and provisioning to downstream
apps with specific entitlements.  
**Integration**|  It is the entity that represents the SCIM gateway
configuration for an external app within Cerby.  
**Just-in-time provisioning**|  It is the automated process of creating user
accounts in external apps with predefined permissions when they are needed.  
**Role**|  It is a collection of permissions that typically align with a
user’s job function or responsibility within an organization. Roles are
designed to simplify access management.  
**SCIM gateway**|  It is the intermediary that transmits SCIM messages or
information between two or more SCIM-enabled systems, facilitating the
exchange of user identity and attribute data. It also exposes a SCIM interface
consisting of a set of standard endpoints on top of a system that doesn’t
natively support the SCIM protocol. Being a gateway implies it performs
"protocol translation," not only proxying of messages.  
**Service account**|  It is a user account intended for managing the external
app or service provider. Service accounts are used for machine-to-machine
operations.  These accounts are added to Cerby and associated with an
integration to execute automated user management tasks.  
**Disconnected app**|  It is an app or service provider that doesn’t integrate
with identity management systems or follow standard authentication protocols
and security standards. Commonly, these apps lack API integrations for user
management.  
  
**Table 1.** IdLCM key concepts

* * *

# **The Integrations page**

The **Integrations** page in the Cerby web app dashboard, as shown in **Figure
1,** is the centralized view of all the apps you have connected via Cerby’s
IdLCM solution. It is accessible only to workspace **Admins** , **Super
Admins** , and **Owners**.

![](gitbook/imagesimage.png)

**Figure 1.** **Integrations** page in the Cerby web app dashboard

In the **Integrations** page, you can view the list of your Cerby-integrated
apps along with the following information:

  * **App or service** : It is the name of the disconnected app for which an integration is added to Cerby. 

  * **Integration name** : It is the name assigned to the integration when adding it to Cerby.

  * **SCIM Gateway ID** : It is a unique identifier assigned to SCIM gateways created for the integrated app.

  * **Last synced:** It is the date and time of the last sync attempt.

  * **Status:** It is the current status of the SCIM gateways.

From this page, you can navigate to the integrations details page to explore
more information, such as the integration settings, users, and activity
events.

* * *

# **How IdLCM works**

As mentioned previously, the purpose of the IdLCM solution is to enable
disconnected apps to function like standard apps. Cerby achieves this
functionality by integrating a SCIM gateway into apps that lack native SCIM
support.

**Figure 2** shows a high-level architecture of the IdLCM solution for
disconnected apps connected to IdP and IGA systems through Cerby.

![](gitbook/imagesAD_4nXeme3v2puxWJs6rSaX5a3ghfEeIgct8ZQrfQXiLNgkQ4wmOqAasr9CU2vv7m4qV4IvnPJwK7q2RqwqomlEHxR2i1uMZJR8jHQummlVyDtIxAz10kYeEz49UlEcTkaqhoRiRkGzw_A)

**Figure 2.** High-level architecture of the IdLCM solution

When you add and set up an integration, Cerby automatically generates a SCIM
gateway that connects to the disconnected app. This gateway provides SCIM
endpoint capabilities to the app, enabling it to receive notifications from
your IdP whenever user and group provisioning and deprovisioning events are
detected.

Upon receiving a notification from the IdP, the SCIM gateway authenticates the
request, parses the payload, verifies that the operation can be performed by
the requesting party, and processes the operation.

Cerby initiates automation jobs to implement provisioning actions within the
integrated app. For disconnected apps, it's essential to establish a dedicated
service account or token and configure the app details. This configuration
enables Cerby to securely access the app using the associated service account
credentials, facilitating the execution of user and access management tasks
through automation jobs or API calls.

The main functionalities of an IdLCM integration are the following:

  * User and access management tasks

  * Provisioning model

  * Audit trail

  * Posture management

  * IdP-compatible SSO

The following sections describe each functionality.

## User and access management tasks

The following are the user and access management tasks you can perform from
your IdP and extend to your external apps through Cerby’s IdLCM solution:

  * **Joiner (provision user)** : The SCIM gateway detects the provisioning events coming from the IdP and triggers the automation job to create the user accounts in your Cerby-integrated app with the specified roles, including entitlements (if supported), triggering the corresponding invites through email.

  * **Mover (update user):** The SCIM gateway detects update events from the IdP and triggers the task to propagate the changes into the Cerby-integrated app.

  * **Leaver (deprovision user)** : The SCIM gateway detects the deprovisioning events from the IdP and triggers tasks to remove the user accounts from your Cerby-integrated app, including entitlements (if supported).

{% hint style="info" %} **NOTE:** The available management tasks vary from app
to app. For example, for some apps it is not possible to update roles because
they only support one role natively. {% endhint %}

## Provisioning model

The provisioning model in IdLCM defines how users are added and granted access
to the external app. Cerby enables you to select the preferred method to
provision users to your Cerby-integrated app, by offering the following
options:

  * **Just-in-time provisioning:** With automation, Cerby ensures users have the correct access to their apps, right when they need it, with minimal manual intervention. By being connected to an IdP, user provisioning to external apps is immediate.

  * **Flexible invite propagation model:** IT admins can choose whether Cerby sends the invites for users to join the app immediately after provisioning their accounts or waits until they are ready to claim access.

## Audit trail

For each integration, Cerby offers a detailed, read-only record of all
lifecycle management actions, such as provisioning, role updates,
deprovisioning, and related events, helping you ensure compliance, maintain
security, and quickly troubleshoot access issues.

The **Activity** tab in the integration details page displays the following
data organized in the following columns:

  * The time when each event was registered

  * The entities that triggered the event 

  * The event type

  * The entities affected by the event

Having a detailed audit trail enables you to track events in real time,
providing the transparency and accountability needed for effective governance.

## Posture management

An essential component of a complete identity lifecycle management solution is
posture management. The goal is to help organizations implement and enforce
their security policies and ensure users can’t use apps when permissions are
unassigned.

At Cerby, posture management goes beyond simply provisioning and
deprovisioning accounts for disconnected apps. You can leverage the following
features of our platform to enhance your security posture and complement
IdLCM:

  * **Account security hygiene:** When access to external apps is managed by IdLCM, integration managers can trigger automation jobs for rotating passwords and turning on MFA.

  * **RBAC efficacy:** Cerby’s role-based access control (RBAC) system is designed to maintain data security, streamline access management, and offer transparency in access control, making it clear who has access to what resources and why.

  * **Error handling and logging:** Our platform provides information about all relevant events and automation errors, as well as the list of users and integration managers with their app roles and their activity, to support auditing and incident response.

## IdP-compatible SSO

Disconnected apps don't natively support standard SSO protocols, such as SAML
or OIDC. Therefore, offering IdP-compatible SSO bridges a crucial gap between
modern identity management and legacy or uncooperative applications.

By connecting external apps to corporate IdPs through a SCIM gateway, the IdP
dashboard becomes the centralized access point for users. With the IdLCM and
credential capture capabilities, Cerby matches all app accounts to the
corresponding integration and IdP users, and extends the corporate SSO
experience to all users.

