# Explore Collections

**Description:** This article describes the benefits of using Collections to group accounts, secrets, business hubs, and subcollections and share them.

With **Collections** , you can group your accounts, secrets, business hubs,
and subcollections for easy organization in your dashboard. Additionally, they
enable you to efficiently share items in bulk with other workspace members and
teams for collaborative access.

If you have used other password managers, like LastPass or 1Password,
collections are the equivalent of a folder or vault.

The following are the characteristics and actions you can perform with the
Collections feature:

  * Group accounts, secrets, business hubs, assets, and subcollections in a hierarchical structure.

  * Share items in bulk with other members and teams assigning predefined roles (**Owner** and **Collaborator** roles on collections and subcollections) based on Cerbyâ€™s role-based access control (RBAC) system.

    * Subcollections inherit access permissions from their top-level collection, simplifying permission management.

  * Share multiple business hub integrations and assets with other members and teams, which triggers an access claim and the automated task to add users to your external apps. As part of this process, you specify the app role to assign to the users and teams. For more information, read the article [Manage access to business hubs and assets with collections](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/11102692-manage-access-to-business-hubs-and-assets-with-collections). 

  * Improve organization and searchability of items.

  * Streamline collaboration and knowledge sharing.

  * Enhance security and control over access to sensitive information.

{% hint style="info" %} **NOTE:** Only item **Owners** can add their items to
a collection**** and share this collection with other workspace members. For
more information about the roles on collections, read the article [How Cerby
manages roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-manages-
roles). {% endhint %}

* * *

# The Collections page

The **Collections** page displays all the root collections you have created or
to which you have been granted shared access. This page provides a convenient
location to access and manage your accounts, secrets, business hubs, assets,
and subcollections in a hierarchical structure.

You can perform the following actions from the **Collections** page:

  * View and interact with collection cards, accounts, secrets, business hubs, assets, and nested subcollections.

  * Search for collections and subcollections by their name.

  * Create a collection through a wizard by clicking the **Create collection** button.

  * Access the collection settings page that enables you to see the members who have access to it and the items within it, share a collection, assign a subcollection, delete a collection, and others.

**Figure 1** shows the **Collections** page that you can access from the left
menu of the Cerby web app dashboard.

![Screenshot of the Cerby web app dashboard. The Collections page is displayed
with a list of collections, subcollections, and
items](gitbook/imagesAD_4nXcdSrFttaqHOUrAAEsObh2KuCuUQ3qnxMi8g2E-e2bjiwDMcfoM752dNwt4iuOYnB5KXn0xOYxUGdetQTVLmP1ahuWlfMXig78ccUeb02c5LNP9k-lou_z_bUmifHnAwZDGcOC_1A)

**Figure 1. Collections** page in the Cerby web app dashboard

**Figure 2** shows the **Collections** page that you can access from the Cerby
browser extension popup.

![Screenshot of the Cerby browser extension popup. The Collections page is
displayed with a list of collections and
subcollections](gitbook/imagesAD_4nXfrvpkNnhQgls1zCxoBRq2_vpOALStOKJ_jrqashQ7V022b1vwf5RST-Z4Gs4u1cW7GDSqihg0uTx9fmf4Ll7pgw9WxkmoQwJqySfkK_sWPPFNvBzT1R72e-boE3GKzhrsh-
RoNtw)

**Figure 2. Collections** page in the Cerby browser extension popup

**Figure 3** shows the **Collections** screens that you can access from the
Cerby mobile app on iOS and Android.

![Screenshots of the Cerby mobile app for iOS \(left\) and Android \(right\).
The Collections screen is displayed with a list of collections,
subcollections, and
items](gitbook/imagesAD_4nXcwXh1lDdCsgD6SS2lJKxq2ZO6I14e56rPulQ42vlMAbIQ8NpYyGcV3yBOxQa4LN9z6295Nrjbx0qx9vbH83WYa9EYN3DWUTCnowIU827ep3CMoj4jTAAu8c7uhdOmjhC3L2eHVpakSCj2V6VAry7i9bzSB)
![](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/pc0ldyqu/1481291902/8f31c3618a8d67c20db9c092288a/AD_4nXdwwf8lJWLBvnqS5JsdjzL72qse5ba9DFqcbuU19Ov3FRkiD0VHpEHasW5P23norhxMWaS6mwYH70qxGbl0dFOTeKqdcVHGIL2cNxTu7ErY12Fwm4MApdDEUv5_ldCfKITvtYEMi0i09L5p8GtLxW3XMLpW?expires=1745010000&signature=a0a2db91edb55a095d5075155dcaf1e52fa1acbb1ed86bccf25419b5ff90ef74&req=dSQvF8t3nIhfW%2FMW3Hu4gRbO%2FD1kSYyqlygNK1mdi%2FjpguR3db1Yl8lT3fFI%0A8A%3D%3D%0A)

**Figure 3. Collections** screens in the Cerby mobile app for iOS (left) and
Android (right)

