# Connect a Coda app integration

**Description:** This article describes how to add a Coda app integration to centrally manage access to it and its assets from Cerby.

Cerby leverages agent-based integration to connect [Coda](https://coda.io/) to
your Cerby workspace. With this connection, you can import your user data,
such as roles, permissions, and members, to centrally and securely manage
access from Cerby.

For the connection to happen, you must save in Cerby a user account with the
**Doc Maker (Admin)** role on your Coda workspace and connect it to an [app
integration](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6831152-how-to-use-tenants).
Cerby uses this account as a service account to perform automation tasks to
log in to Coda, import the user data, and manage user access.

This user account can be a regular Coda account or a corporate account managed
and provisioned by Okta. Consider the following before saving the
corresponding service or automation account in Cerby and connecting it to
Coda:

  * **Regular account:** Cerby recommends creating a dedicated user account in Coda, not assigned to a specific user, to manage the app from Cerby. Preferably, set it up with a [Cerby-managed email address and phone number](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6393770-video-how-to-add-a-cerby-managed-email-or-phone-number-to-your-account). This account must be saved in Cerby before or while connecting the Coda app integration.

**IMPORTANT:** If the user account in Coda is passwordless and uses a magic
link to log in, you must create a password for this account via your [account
settings](https://coda.io/account).

  * **Okta-managed account:** When Okta is connected to Coda as your identity provider (IdP) for single sign-on (SSO) authentication and user provisioning, you must save your Okta account in Cerby before or while connecting the Coda app integration.

After connecting Coda to your Cerby workspace and importing your users and
assets, you gain visibility on who accesses your Coda workspace, including
their role level. Users with a Cerby account are automatically matched to
their corresponding identity in your corporate directory, which may be managed
by an IdP, such as Okta or Entra ID (formerly Azure AD).

Unless you don’t want them to, matched users are prompted in the Cerby
dashboard to save and connect their Coda user accounts to Cerby. After
connecting their account, by following the instructions in the article [Join
the App and connect it to
Cerby](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046232-join-the-app-and-connect-it-
to-cerby), you can manage and secure their access to Coda and update their
role from Cerby’s interface.

External collaborators without a Cerby account are displayed as unmatched
users. For these users, you can perform the following actions:

  * Match and invite users to join the app through Cerby

  * Invite users to your workspace as [guest users](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8392946-how-to-invite-a-guest-user-to-your-workspace) or [local partners](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8980877-explore-partners#h_7e4add33a2), with secure credentials provided and managed by Cerby

  * Remove unmatched users

  * Exempt unmatched users to keep their user account active in Coda; however, you cannot manage them through Cerby

This article describes how to add a Coda app integration and import its users
to Cerby.

For more information about the management tasks you can perform, read the [Use
Apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046120-connect-an-app#h_24b4a346b5)
section from the article [Connect an
App](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046120-connect-an-app).

* * *

# **Requirements**

The following are the requirements to connect your Coda app integration to
Cerby:

  * A Cerby account

  * An active Coda user account with the **Doc Maker (admin)** role added to Cerby. Cerby uses it as a service or automation account

  * The ID of your Coda workspace. To find it, perform the following actions after logging in to Coda:

    1. Select your workspace from the left navigation drawer.

    2. Copy the ID from the URL in the address bar. The ID is the text between **`/ws-`** and **`/docs`**. For example, if the URL is **`coda.io/workspaces/ws-GuH5e-CCAC/docs`** , the ID is **`GuH5e-CCAC`**.

* * *

# **Connect a Coda app integration**

To connect a Coda app integration and import its users and assets to Cerby,
you must complete the following main steps:

  1. Add an app integration and connect it to your Coda workspace

  2. Check for updates and import users and roles to Cerby

  3. Connect your Coda account to Cerby

  4. Manage unmatched users

The following sections describe each main step.

## **1\. Add an app integration and connect it to your Coda workspace**

To add a Coda app integration to Cerby and connect it to your Coda workspace,
you must complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **Apps** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Apps** view is displayed.

  3. Click the **Connect app** button located at the top-right corner of the page. The **Connect your apps to Cerby** dialog box is displayed.

**TIP:** You can select the **Don’t show this again** option to skip this step
the next time you connect a new App.

  4. Click the **Get started** button. A wizard is displayed on the **Select app** page.

  5. Select the **Coda Tenant** option. The **Enter app details** page is displayed on the wizard.

  6. Enter and select your app information in the corresponding fields:

     * **Label in Cerby:** It is the name to assign to your app integration in Cerby, and it will be displayed on the app card.

     * **Workspace ID:** It is the identifier of your Coda workspace. To find it, follow the instructions in the Requirements section:

     * **User management and login method:** It is the way your users log in to the app and determines if they must save their credentials in Cerby. You must select one of the following methods:

       * **Single sign-on (SSO):** Access is managed via your identity provider, and users log in via SSO authentication. They are not asked to save their credentials in Cerby

       * **Username and password:** Account security and access are managed from Cerby, and users log in with their credentials after saving them in Cerby.

  7. Click the **Next** button. One of the following scenarios occurs depending on whether you have added or not the automation account to Cerby:

     * If you have added the automation account, the **Select automation account** page is displayed on the wizard:

       1. Select the corresponding automation account.

       2. Click the **Connect app** button.

     * If you have not added the automation account, the **Add automation account** page is displayed on the wizard: 

       1. Enter the account details in the corresponding fields:

          * **Account label in Cerby**

          * **Email Linked to Account**

          * **Current password**

          * **Phone Number Linked to Account**

       2. Click the **Add account** button.

The Coda app card is displayed on the **Apps** view and an account card is
displayed in the **All accounts** view with the “Connect your account” status.

The next step is 2\. Check for updates and import users and roles to Cerby,
which you must complete from the Cerby dashboard.

## **2\. Check for updates and import users and roles to Cerby**

To check for updates and import your user data to Cerby, which includes
members and roles of your Coda workspace, you must complete the following
steps:

  1. Select the **Apps** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Apps** view is displayed.

  2. Click the **More options** icon of the Coda Tenant app card that you added. A drop-down list is displayed.

  3. Select the **Check for updates** option from the list. A message box is displayed with information about the user sync process

**NOTE:** The check for updates and import process may take a few minutes
depending on the number of users and because Cerby automatically matches them
to their corresponding Cerby account.

  4. Confirm that the **Check for updates** automation task has the “Completed” status by performing any of the following actions:

     * Click the **More details** button from the message box.

     * Select the **Automation** option from the left navigation drawer to open the **Automation** view.

The Coda Tenant account and app cards are displayed on the **All accounts**
and **Apps** views, respectively, of each matched user. To connect their user
account to Cerby, matched users must follow the instructions in the 3\.
Connect your Coda account to Cerby step.

{% hint style="info" %} **NOTE:** After adding the Coda app integration, Cerby
automatically performs daily checks for updates, but you can do them manually.
When a user is deprovisioned from your IdP, and a check for updates is
performed, Cerby generates a report and sends you an email to confirm their
removal from Cerby. Follow the instructions in the article [Check for updates
in your app and apply
report](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046205-check-for-updates-in- your-
app-and-apply-report) to apply the report and remove deprovisioned users {%
endhint %}

The next step is 3\. Connect your Coda account to Cerby, which you must
complete from your Cerby dashboard.

## **3\. Connect your Coda account to Cerby**

To connect your Coda account to Cerby, you must complete the following steps:

  1. Select the **All accounts** option from the left navigation drawer. The **All accounts** view is displayed.

  2. Click the **Log in** button of the corresponding Coda Tenant account card. The **Connect your Coda Account** dialog box is displayed.

  3. Enter the login credentials of your Coda user account.

  4. Click the **Connect account** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box and a new account card for your user account are displayed.

The next step is 4\. Manage unmatched users, which you must complete from your
Cerby dashboard.

## **4\. Manage unmatched users**

After a check for updates, Cerby automatically matches users to their
corresponding Cerby accounts. Users who couldn’t be identified during the
check or who are not in the corporate directory are categorized as unmatched.
For these users, you can perform one of the following three actions:

  * Match and invite users

  * Remove unmatched users

  * Exempt unmatched users

All of these actions are performed from the **Unmatched users** tab of the
**User Overview** section inside the app details page.

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** The actions you perform for unmatched
users propagate to the corresponding roles and permissions on assets. {%
endhint %}

### Match and invite users

To match and invite users to join your Coda workspace through Cerby, you must
perform the following steps:

  1. Select the **Apps** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Apps** view is displayed.

  2. Click the **More options** icon of the Coda Tenant app card. A drop-down list is displayed.

  3. Select the **View Members** option from the list. The app details page is displayed with the **Members** tab activated and a table of users in the **User Overview** section.

  4. Activate the **Unmatched users** tab from the **User Overview** section.

  5. Click the **Match user** button of the corresponding user. The **Match user** dialog box is displayed.

  6. Enter the username or email address of the user in the **Match with** search bar. A list of users that match your search is displayed.

  7. Select the corresponding option from the list.

  8. Click the **Next** button. The **Select Cerby role** dialog box is displayed.

  9. Select the corresponding role of the user on the Coda app integration from the **Role** drop-down list:

     * **Owner:** This role enables sharing access and managing the account configuration.

     * **Collaborator:** This role enables only logging in to the account.

  10. Click the **Match user** button. The dialog box closes, a success message box is displayed, and the user is moved to the **Onboarded** **users** tab.

The Coda account and app cards are displayed in the **All accounts** and
**Apps** views, respectively, of each matched user. To connect their user
account to Cerby, matched users must follow the instructions in the 3\.
Connect your Coda account to Cerby step.

### Remove unmatched users

To remove unmatched users, you must perform the following steps:

  1. Select the **Apps** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Apps** view is displayed.

  2. Click the **More options** icon of the Coda app card. A drop-down list is displayed.

  3. Select the **View Members** option from the list. The app details page is displayed with the **Members** tab activated and a table of users in the **User Overview** section.

  4. Activate the **Unmatched users** tab from the **User Overview** section.

  5. Click the **More options** icon of the corresponding user. A drop-down list is displayed.

  6. Select the **Remove user** option from the list. The **Remove user?** dialog box is displayed.

  7. Click the **Remove user** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed. The user is removed from your Coda workspace.

### Exempt unmatched users

Exempted users keep their user accounts active for your Coda workspace, but
you cannot manage them through Cerby. To exempt unmatched users, you must
perform the following steps:

  1. Select the **Apps** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Apps** view is displayed.

  2. Click the **More options** icon of the Coda app card. A drop-down list is displayed.

  3. Select the **View Members** option from the list. The app details page is displayed with the **Members** tab activated and a table of users in the **User Overview** section.

  4. Activate the **Unmatched users** tab from the **User Overview** section.

  5. Click the **More options** icon of the corresponding user. A drop-down list is displayed.

  6. Select the **Exempt user** option from the list. The exempt user dialog box is displayed.

  7. Enter a reason for exempting the user in the **Provide a reason** field.

  8. Click the **Exempt member** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed. The user is moved to the **Exempted users** tab.

Now you are done. You can start managing and securing access to your Coda
workspace and its assets from Cerby.

The following are the supported features of the Coda app integration you can
use:

  * [Join the App and connect it to Cerby](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046232-join-the-app-and-connect-it-to-cerby)

  * [Invite new app members](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9045790-invite-new-app-members)

  * [Remove app members](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046186-remove-app-members)

  * [Manage app members from your IdP](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046188-manage-app-members-from-your-idp)

  * [Update the app members’ roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046201-update-the-app-members-roles)

  * [Check for updates in your app and apply report](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046205-check-for-updates-in-your-app-and-apply-report)

  * [Re-assign the app members’ user accounts](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046211-re-assign-the-app-members-user-accounts)

  * [Manage the security of app members’ user accounts](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046212-manage-the-security-of-app-members-user-accounts)

  * [Log in to your app](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046222-log-in-to-your-app)

  * [Track activity on app members’ user accounts](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046226-track-activity-on-app-members-user-accounts)

  * [Remove an App](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046230-remove-an-app)

