# [UNPUBLISHED] Manage app members from your IdP (deprecated)

**Description:** This article describes how to automatically invite or remove members of your seat-based and paid social apps from your IdP.

{% hint style="info" %} **Who can use this feature?** * Workspace **Owners** ,
**Super Admins** , and **Admins** * Available to Cerby Automate * Only
supported using the Cerby web app {% endhint %}

IT admins can automatically invite or remove members of a seat-based or paid
social app by triggering provisioning and deprovisioning events in their
identity provider (IdP), such as Okta or Entra ID (formerly Azure AD).

When user provisioning is enabled for your Cerby workspace through the System
for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) specification, any change in the
corporate directory managed by your IdP propagates to Cerby automatically.

For the Apps feature, provisioning and deprovisioning events propagate from
group assignments in the IdP to teams in Cerby. Currently, Cerby only supports
group assignments from Okta.

The management tasks you can perform on app members are the following:

  * Invite new app members from Okta

  * Remove app members from Okta

The following sections describe each task.

* * *

# Invite new app members from Okta

When you use Okta as your IdP and you have enabled automatic user provisioning
with SCIM, you can leverage the Group Push feature to create teams and
provision users in Cerby with team access to seat-based and paid social apps.

These teams correspond to group assignments in Okta, and they are
automatically synced with Cerby.

## **Requirements**

The following are the requirements to invite app members via group assignments
in Okta:

  * The Group Push feature configured for Cerby. For more information, read the [Configure Group Push between Okta and Cerby](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5457593-how-to-enable-okta-user-provisioning-with-scim#h_7a240472ca) section from the [How to Enable Okta User Provisioning with SCIM](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5457593-how-to-enable-okta-user-provisioning-with-scim) article.

  * A group created in Okta to be used to provision and deprovision users for your app. This group corresponds to a team in Cerby. For more information, read the [How to use Teams](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6624225-how-to-use-teams) article.

  * The Cerby team must have shared access to the App in Cerby via an invitation from the app **Owner**. To do so, you must complete the following steps in Cerby:

    1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

    2. Select the **Apps** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Apps** view is displayed.

    3. Click the **Settings** icon of the corresponding app card. The app details page is displayed with the **Settings** tab activated.

    4. Activate the **Members** tab.

    5. Click the **Invite users** button in the **User Overview** section. The **Send Invite to Join <app name>** wizard is displayed.

    6. Enter the name of the team in the search bar. The team is displayed on a list below the search bar.

    7. Select the corresponding team from the list. The **Members** section is displayed with the team you selected.

    8. Select the corresponding role of the team on the app from the **Role** drop-down list:

       * **Owner:** This role enables sharing access and managing the app settings in Cerby.

       * **Collaborator:** This role enables only logging in to the app.

    9. Select the corresponding role for the team on the app from the **Grant access role for <app name>** section.

**NOTE:** Access roles are different depending on the app's native roles and
permissions. This access role is granted to all the team members.

    10. Click the **Send invites** button. The wizard closes, and a success message box is displayed.

Users who had individual access to the app through Cerby now have access to it
via a team. New users receive an invite to join the app, and they must accept
the invite, create their user account in the app, and connect this account to
Cerby. For instructions, read the article [Join the app and connect it to
Cerby](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046232-join-the-app-and-connect-it-
to-cerby).

## **Invite app members via group assignments**

To invite new app members automatically from your IdP via group assignments,
you must complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to the [Okta Admin Console](https://developer.okta.com/login/) of your organization.

  2. Select the **Groups** option from the **Directory** drop-down list located in the left navigation drawer. The **Groups** page is displayed with a table of groups.

  3. Select the corresponding group from the table. The group details page is displayed with the **People** tab activated.

  4. Click the **Assign people** button. The **Assign people to <group name>** page is displayed with a table of users.

  5. Click the **Add** icon of the user you want to add to the group. A success message box is displayed.

The users are now automatically added to the corresponding team in Cerby via
an automation task, and an invite to join the app is sent. Invited users must
accept the invite, create their user account in the app, and connect this
account to Cerby. For instructions, read the [Join the app and connect it to
Cerby](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046232-join-the-app-and-connect-it-
to-cerby) section.

* * *

# Remove app members from Okta

To remove app members automatically from Okta via group assignments, you must
complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to the [Okta Admin Console](https://developer.okta.com/login/) of your organization.

  2. Select the **Groups** option from the **Directory** drop-down list located in the left navigation drawer. The **Groups** page is displayed with a table of groups.

  3. Select the corresponding group from the table. The group details page is displayed with the **People** tab activated.

  4. Click the **Remove** icon of the user you want to remove from the group. A success message box is displayed.

The user is automatically removed from the corresponding team in Cerby and the
app via an automation task.

When removing users individually from the IdP, the corresponding member
removal propagates to a Cerby workspace. However, to remove the user
completely from the seat-based or paid social app, you must do it manually or
perform a check for updates and apply the report. For instructions, read the
articles [Troubleshooting Apps: Remove app members
manually](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046236-troubleshooting-
apps#h_a3c8eba041) or [Check for updates in your app and apply
report](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046205-check-for-updates-in-your-
app-and-apply-report).

