# Explore the Cerby-managed verification methods for your accounts

**Description:** This article describes the benefits of using Cerby-managed verification methods to enhance the security of your accounts.

{% hint style="info" %} **Who can use this feature?** * Workspace**Owners** ,
**Super Admins** , **Admins** , and **Users** * **Account Owners** * Supported
using the Cerby web app and mobile app {% endhint %}

With Cerby, you can add an extra layer of security to your accounts by turning
on Cerby-managed verification methods.

By centralizing these access control mechanisms, Cerby helps you improve,
secure, and streamline the login process for you and all the users with shared
access to your accounts without affecting collaboration.

Cerby recommends always turning on more than one verification method, such as
multi-factor authentication (MFA) for the accounts that support it,
prioritizing the authenticator app above other methods when applicable. The
following are some of the benefits of trusting Cerby to manage the
verification methods of your accounts:

  * **Streamlined login:** When these verification methods are configured for MFA, Cerby can fill in the time-based one-time passwords (TOTPs), one-time passwords (OTPs), and verification codes you need to log in automatically. If needed, you can also copy them from the Cerby client apps to log in to your accounts manually.

  * **Centralized control:** You can manage the verification codes sent via email or SMS to Cerby-managed email addresses and phone numbers from one place: the Shared Inbox. These codes are distributed to all users with shared access to an account.

  * **Encrypted data:** Cerby uses a Zero Knowledge architecture to encrypt TOTPs, meaning that even Cerby cannot access or read your MFA codes.

  * **Improved collaboration:** TOTPs and verification codes are distributed through the Cerby platform to all users with shared access to the account whenever they need to log in.

  * **Enhanced security and privacy:** By using Cerby-managed email addresses and phone numbers for corporate accounts, you reduce exposure of personal emails and phone numbers to third-party services, enhancing your privacy and mitigating direct spam or phishing attempts to your primary contact details.

MFA is one of the most impactful cybersecurity best practices. [According to
Microsoft](https://www.windowscentral.com/microsoft-999-people-get-hacked-one-
ridiculous-reason), 99.9% of the compromised accounts they track daily donâ€™t
have an MFA method turned on.

* * *

# Cerby-managed verification methods

The following are the Cerby-managed verification methods you can set up for
your accounts:

  * Authenticator app

  * Email address

  * Phone number

  * RSA codes

The following sections briefly explain each method.

## **Authentication app**

When configured as your authenticator app, Cerby generates TOTPs for secure
MFA. These passcodes are typically valid for 30 seconds, ensuring that each
login attempt is protected with dynamic, time-sensitive credentials.

For more information about how to set Cerby as your authenticator app, read
the article [Turn on MFA with Cerby as an authenticator app for your
account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8429534-turn-on-mfa-with-cerby-as-
an-authenticator-app-for-your-account).

## **Email address**

You can create and set up a dedicated email address managed by Cerby to
receive verification codes sent by your apps via email. This method
centralizes MFA processes, allowing you to easily manage and retrieve codes
from your Shared Inbox in Cerby, streamlining the authentication process for
your team.

For more information about how to create and set up a Cerby-managed email
address, read the article Set up and associate a Cerby-managed email address
for your account.

## **Phone number**

You can create and set up a phone number managed by Cerby to receive
verification codes via SMS from your apps. Like Cerby-managed email addresses,
you can centralize MFA processes and manage and retrieve codes from your
Shared Inbox in Cerby.

For more information about how to create and set up a Cerby-managed phone
number, read the article Create and associate a Cerby-managed phone number
with your account.

## **RSA codes**

When integrating RSA tokens with Cerby, the platform can retrieve and autofill
RSA-generated OTPs for logging into accounts. By linking your RSA token, Cerby
securely manages the authentication process, enabling seamless login
experiences while maintaining high security through time-sensitive, token-
based credentials.

For more information about how to create and set up RSA codes with Cerby for
MFA, read the article [Set RSA tokens as your account MFA
method](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/10858212-set-rsa-tokens-as-your-
account-mfa-method).

