# Connect a Meta Business Manager native partner to Cerby

**Description:** This article describes how to connect a Meta Business Manager native partner to gain visibility on the users with access to your assets.

With Cerby, you can connect a Meta Business Manager [native
partner](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8980877-explore-
partners#h_e7fa9c355c) to your workspace to gain visibility on the partner’s
users with shared access to your assets.

This connection is established via a token that your partner must generate in
their Meta Business Manager and share with you. After you add the native
partner to Cerby, you can use our API and agent-based integration to sync and
import the user data of your Meta Business Manager, including your partner’s
data.

**IMPORTANT:** You can only add a native partner in Cerby if you have shared
at least one asset with a partner in your paid social app or vice versa.For
security purposes, Cerby recommends that you invite the admin who will
generate the token as a **Guest User** of your workspace. That way, they can
securely share the token with you via a secret.  
---  
  
This article describes how to connect a Meta Business Manager native partner
to Cerby.

* * *

# **Requirements**

The following are the requirements to connect a Meta Business Manager native
partner to Cerby:

  * A Cerby account

  * A Meta Business Center integration in Cerby. For more information and instructions, read the article [How to add a Meta Business Center integration](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5528269-how-to-add-a-meta-business-center-integration)

  * A partner in Meta Business Manager with the **Full control** role and shared access to your assets. Also, they must have already joined your Cerby workspace as a **Guest User**. For more information and instructions, read the article [How to invite a guest user to your workspace ](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8392946-how-to-invite-a-guest-user-to-your-workspace)

**NOTE:** Cerby recommends your partner isolate your shared assets into a
single Meta Business Manager to avoid syncing and importing information from
other organizations or customers.

* * *

# **Connect a Meta Business Manager native partner to Cerby**

To connect a Meta Business Manager native partner to Cerby, you and your
partner must complete the following main steps:

  1. Partner setup in Meta Business Manager

  2. Native partner connection in Cerby

The following sections describe each main step.

## **1\. Partner setup in Meta Business Manager**

Your partner must complete the following steps in Meta Business Manager to set
up the connection to Cerby:

  1. Request access to the Cerby Assets Manager app

  2. Generate a system user token

  3. Share the token as a secret through Cerby

The following sections describe each step.

### 1\. Request access to the Cerby Assets Manager app

To request access to the Cerby Assets Manager app, your partner must complete
the following steps:

  1. Log in to [Meta Business Manager](https://business.facebook.com/).

  2. Click the **Settings** icon located at the bottom-left side of the page. The **Settings** view is displayed.

  3. Select the **Apps** option from the **Accounts** drop-down list located in the left navigation drawer. The **Apps** page is displayed.

  4. Click the **Add** button. A drop-down list is displayed.

  5. Select the **Request Access to an App ID** option from the list. The **Request an app** dialog box is displayed, as shown in **Figure 1**.

![Screenshot of the Settings view of a Meta Business Manager. The Add an app
dialog box is displayed on top of the Apps page with an input field for the
App ID.](gitbook/imagesjf-
Yz8aPx4x0pKdZ8kNUE1KlZBFV14HvacigVeTUuHbyrjNiE_SUH0bj9_YMhD3noNbcZZbAHP8xnX79oVlPQQQHuhLY8N55KnVkAAhDNP-
uzfafiRQgQ3hN5FjWC0xf1pfCOepd96z7PzRWcU-3Ubk)

**Figure 1. Request an app** dialog box in the **Apps** page of the
**Settings** view

  6. Enter **2965389650414399** in the **App ID** field.

  7. Click the **Request app** button. A dialog box with an approved message is displayed, and the app permission request is sent to Cerby.

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** Your partner must wait for approval
from Cerby for the app permission request to access the Cerby Assets Manager
app. When approved, your partner receives a notification in their Meta
Business Manager. {% endhint %}

The next step is 2\. Generate a system user token.

### 2\. Generate a system user token

To generate a system user token, your partner must complete the following
steps:

  1. Log in to [Meta Business Manager](https://business.facebook.com/).

  2. Click the **Settings** icon located at the bottom-left side of the page. The **Settings** view is displayed.

  3. Select the **System users** option from the **Users** drop-down list located in the left navigation drawer. The**System users** page is displayed.

**NOTE:** If you don’t have a system user, add one and assign it an **Admin**
role before proceeding to step 4.

  4. Assign your partner’s assets to the system user by performing the following actions:

     1. Click the **Assign assets** button. The **Assign assets and set permissions** dialog box is displayed.

     2. Select all of the assets you want your partner to have visibility through Cerby.

     3. Assign the **Full control** role to all of the assets.

     4. Click the **Save changes** button. The **Assets Added** dialog box is displayed.

     5. Click the **Done** button. The dialog box closes.

  5. Generate an access token by performing the following actions:

     1. Select the system user you created.

**NOTE:** If you already have a system user with an **Admin** role, select it.

     2. Click the **Generate new token** button. The **Generate token** dialog box is displayed.

     3. Select the **Cerby Assets Manager** option from the **App** drop-down list. Informational messages and the **Token expiration** and **Permissions** sections are displayed in a dialog box.

     4. Select the **Never** option from the **Token expiration** section.

     5. Select the following options from the **Permissions** section:

        * **ads_management**

        * **business_management**

        * **catalog_management**

        * **pages_manage_metadata**

        * **pages_read_engagement**

        * **pages_show_list**

     6. Click the **Generate token** button. An access token is generated and displayed in the dialog box, as shown in **Figure 2**.

![Screenshot of the Settings view of a Meta Business Manager. The Generate
token dialog box is displayed on top of the System users page with an access
token you can copy and an OK
button.](gitbook/imagesipAKL9UrI_Ij_H1PQCOhtAvIBuBLFHiGDwPqT0IbT14IHft5mgt8g585grCNMX
--
Wj3_R05tYcWPkgF0b51M9IQkHqhca0pTQXsnmARPulvFGTLBLzh53mWeauPIo876Mz8zVcs5QXjDlaMYqtsOpro)

**Figure 2.** Access token in the **Generate token** dialog box

     7. Click the **OK** button. The dialog box closes.

The next step is 3\. Share the token as a secret through Cerby.

### 3\. Share the token as a secret through Cerby

To share the token with you as a secret through Cerby, your partner must
follow the instructions in the articles [Add a
secret](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8705289-add-a-secret) and [Share
access to a secret or secret item in
Cerby](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8705424-manage-access-to-your-
secrets-and-secret-items#h_1ff1d96fb6).

Now, your partner is done. The next step is 2\. Native partner connection in
Cerby that you must complete using the Cerby web app.

## **2\. Native partner connection in Cerby**

You must complete the following steps in Cerby to connect with your Meta
Business Manager native partner:

  1. Connect the partner to Cerby

  2. Sync and review your partner’s users

The following sections describe each step.

### 1\. Connect the native partner to Cerby

To connect the native partner to Cerby, you must complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to your [Cerby](http://app.cerby.com) workspace.

  2. Select the **Apps** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Apps** view is displayed.

  3. Click the corresponding app card. The app details page is displayed.

  4. Activate the **Partners** tab.

  5. Activate the **Meta Business Partners** tab from the **Partners** section. A list of partners with shared access to your assets is displayed, as shown in **Figure 3**.

![Screenshot of the app details page of a Meta Business Center integration.
The Meta Business Partners table is displayed in the Partners
tab.](gitbook/imagesgQ056YZKJpFH6xG-
DAMnw_oArhHayqymNM7RhpjKFE3Jc_ejBoOTzXHuRHA36CTFaUvlGRwAiGIaP7t2JWkYrTvumt7yhdRmoavnSTbw3ZG6661kdLVm_rP41gLq2vgPCLnbpR-j28B_u2dlktl9KxE)

**Figure 3.** Meta Business Partners tab

**NOTE:** If your partner exists in Meta but is not displayed in Cerby,
perform a check for updates to sync and import the user data.

  6. Click the **More options** icon from the corresponding partner, which has a “Pending Cerby onboarding” status. A drop-down list is displayed.

  7. Select the **Connect to Cerby** button. The **Add your partner token** dialog box is displayed.

  8. Paste the token that your partner shared with you as a secret in the **Partner Token** field.

  9. Click the **Connect** button. The dialog box closes, a success message is displayed, and your partner now has the “Cerby onboarded” status.

The next step is 2\. Sync and review your partner’s users, which you must
complete from the app details page in Cerby.

### 2\. Sync and review your partner’s users

To sync and review your partner’s users, you must complete the following steps
from the app details page in Cerby:

  1. Click the **Check for updates** button located at the top right of the app details page. The process to sync and import to Cerby the partner’s user data may take a few seconds.

**NOTE:** You can review the progress of the check for updates through the
**Automation** view. When the corresponding automation task has the “Complete”
status, you can continue to step 2.

  2. Activate the **Members** tab from the app details page.

  3. Activate the **Meta Business guest users** tab from the **User Overview** section. A table with the partner’s users is displayed.

Now you’re done. In subsequent checks for updates, you can retrieve the
updated information from your partner’s users.

