# What is local encryption?

**Description:** This article describes the key benefits of local encryption to leverage a Zero Knowledge architecture for your vaults.

**Release date:** October 2, 2023

It’s probably our most anticipated feature release. We are proud to introduce
local encryption support for the vaults you use to save your accounts and
secrets in Cerby.

This encryption scheme empowers customers with robust IT or Security teams and
strict controls on company devices to leverage a Zero Knowledge architecture,
where Cerby has no knowledge or access to the decryption keys and the data
stored in customer vaults.

With local encryption, a set of encryption keys is generated and stored
exclusively on trusted devices registered by Cerby's servers, and decryption
happens decentralized on such devices. Customer data remains private and
confidential because the architecture prevents access from unauthorized
parties, including Cerby.

When you create a vault with local encryption, also known as a local vault,
you can control who has shared access to it. Additionally, only authenticated
and authorized users with trusted devices already registered by Cerby can
access the vault.

During the vault sharing process, a copy of the vault is replicated
automatically into each device along with an encrypted copy of the vault data
encryption keys. The goal is to enable the trusted devices to encrypt and
decrypt vault data locally.

Check out the **Vault management** section in the **Privacy and security** tab
of the **Workspace Configuration** page, as shown in **Figure 1**.

![](gitbook/imagesRQTemBxkM6-bkhXN9M_1P4Xy-C4YvJ1qGNhE6HM46xs5vZrEzmfdSKW6vny8aAxjjrbFhlHIUBeG_QmAU4M0BQvHRzOpwBwjzrtu6QUnwXfxRH0b_EZWLI0MpAKj4kbhSM2eejiE2Mj1pMTUWI4Hkqk)

**Figure 1.** **Vault management** section in the **Privacy and security** tab

For more information about the encryption schemes at Cerby, read the [How
Cerby protects your data with cloud and local
encryption](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8376548-how-cerby-protects-
your-data-with-cloud-and-local-encryption) article.

# What can you do with local encryption?

With local encryption, you can do the following:

  * Set up as trusted devices any of the Cerby client apps: Cerby web app, Cerby mobile app, and Cerby browser extension.

  * Create a local vault with workspace visibility.

  * Select a local vault as the default vault.

  * Generate and manage recovery keys for your vault.

  * Save accounts and secrets in local vaults.

# Can’t wait, let’s start

If you are as excited as us about this new feature, here’s what you have to do
next:

  1. Set up a trusted device. For instructions, read the [How to set up and manage your trusted devices](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8142370-how-to-set-up-and-manage-your-trusted-devices) article.

  2. Create a new local vault and generate its corresponding recovery key. For instructions, read the [How to create and manage a vault](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8376564-how-to-create-and-manage-a-vault) article.

  3. Start adding items to your local vault.

# Hold on. There's more?

Sit tight. Our Development team is currently working on the following features
to be released soon:

  * User visibility for your local vaults.

  * Access requests for vaults.

  * Local encryption support for account names and user-managed second factors (email addresses and phone numbers).

