# Unable to access settings when turning on MFA

When you attempt to turn on MFA manually or automatically from Cerby using a
new device (mobile phone or computer), Instagram may display the **You can’t
access certain settings for a few days** dialog box, as shown in **Figure 2**.

![](gitbook/imagese8EMfsTcreZoxwWiaipll43OIdcPVogbGLYo9vnwis4o7HN53tr2yKaNV5zIzJN9rh-
DvuV6fwttJQ2OM775OL0zERsS3jZ5NsAT2APPwe5eODiltpWFVaAvPSQFagLzLRvKLjrSRkoBKkO9Fh9nbnM)

**Figure 2. You can’t access certain settings for a few days** dialog box

This behavior happens because Instagram verifies and keeps track of the
devices you normally use. Therefore, if the attempt to turn on MFA comes from
a new device, Instagram will not let you change any security settings for one
or two days.

## Solution

To solve the MFA enrollment attempt prompt, you have two options:

  * Try again to turn on MFA in a day or two.

  * Use a device with an active session to turn on MFA manually by performing the following actions:

    1. Identify the device with an active session by following the instructions in the [View your account’s recent login activity](https://help.instagram.com/2761108904184084) official documentation from Instagram. The device must have an **Active now** status, as shown in **Figure 3**. 

![](gitbook/imagesXhiQiY-I4s_pE5fTp8lwTrU-2xjG9c2TO5AupIoq7CDfWBJ6bI2_gRypxGqbRFjJSxN-
CrC3j-cm2nG0paGoNzxv-
XpZzNnXKlXnQtb5sq87KSnoInkHfLYMWcCaJnpmEdTmAAyW0spowSrJguX1_6A)

**Figure 3. Instagram Login Activity** screen

2\. Use the device with the active session to turn on MFA manually. Follow the
instructions in the [How to turn on MFA in Instagram
manually](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6422083-video-how-to-turn-on-2fa-
in-instagram-manually) video.

* * *

# **Manual MFA enrollment**

Instagram is one of the [apps
supported](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-
automation-workflows-are-supported-by-cerby) by Cerby. It has an automation
workflow that turns on MFA by simply activating a switch in the **Settings**
tab of your account. This automation configures the Cerby mobile app as an
authenticator app.

To execute the workflow successfully, you must create and configure a Cerby-
managed email address in your Instagram account to receive verification codes.
If your business needs prevent you from using a Cerby-managed email address,
you can enroll in MFA manually.

You can only perform this manual configuration with your Instagram mobile app
to retrieve the secret key to configure Cerby as an authenticator app.

**IMPORTANT:** Make sure to securely save the recovery or backup codes in
Cerby after turning on MFA to help you get back into your account if, for any
reason, you lose access. To save the codes, you must complete the following
steps:

  1. Copy the recovery codes from Instagram. Follow the instructions in the [How you can use a recovery code on Instagram](https://help.instagram.com/1006568999411025) official documentation.

  2. Click the **Settings** icon of the corresponding Instagram account card in the Cerby web app. The **Settings** tab is displayed in the account details page.

  3. Click the **Add Codes** button located in the **Emergency Controls** section. The **Add MFA Backup Codes** dialog box is displayed. 

  4. Paste the recovery codes in the **MFA Backup Codes** field.

  5. Click the **Save Codes** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed.

After turning on MFA and configuring Cerby as an authenticator app, your login
experience improves. Verification codes are automatically distributed to all
account members and auto-filled when they log into Instagram from Cerby as
follows:

  * When logging in through the Cerby web app, the verification code is entered automatically as part of the workflow. 

  * When logging in through the Instagram mobile app, the verification code is copied to the clipboard by using the autofill feature. For more information, see the Cerby mobile app behavior section.

You can turn off MFA through your web browser on a computer or the Instagram
mobile app.

* * *

# **Cerby mobile app behavior**

The Cerby mobile app helps you easily log in to your apps by auto-filling the
credentials of the Instagram account you added to Cerby. Open the Instagram
app's login screen on your mobile phone and use autofill on every input field
according to your operating system (iOS or Android).

{% hint style="info" %} **NOTE:** For more information on how to enable
autofill in your mobile phone, see the [Install the Cerby Mobile
App](https://help.cerby.com/en/collections/10147391-install-the-cerby-mobile-
app) collection. {% endhint %}

When MFA is on, you may have to enter a verification code on an additional
screen after auto-filling your credentials. Perform the following actions to
retrieve the code according to your verification method:

  * **Cerby app as an authenticator app:** When autofill is enabled on your mobile phone, the verification code is automatically copied to the clipboard. Tap the **Paste** button to fill in the verification code field. For more information, read the article [Turn on MFA with Cerby as an authenticator app for your account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8429534-turn-on-mfa-with-cerby-as-an-authenticator-app-for-your-account).

**NOTE:** If autofill is not enabled or the code is not automatically copied
to the clipboard, copy the verification code from the **MFA Code** section.
This section is located in the account details using the Cerby mobile app.

  * **Cerby-managed email address:** The verification code is sent to the **Shared Inbox** , and you can retrieve it through the Cerby web app. For more information on the **Shared Inbox** , refer to the articles:

    * [Set up and associate a Cerby-managed email address for your account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/11888658-set-up-and-associate-a-cerby-managed-email-address-for-your-account)

    * [View the messages sent to a Cerby-managed email address or phone number](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/11889348-view-the-messages-sent-to-a-cerby-managed-email-address-or-phone-number)

* * *

# **Cerby-managed phone number support**

Cerby provides and manages securely generated phone numbers you can use for
your Instagram account and across your organization.

By managing this service, Cerby can improve the Instagram login process by
automatically filling in your verification codes when MFA is turned on, using
your phone number as a verification method. These codes are retrieved from
your **Shared Inbox** in Cerby. For more information, refer to the article
[Set up and associate a Cerby-managed phone number for your
account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/11889035-set-up-and-associate-a-
cerby-managed-phone-number-for-your-account).

**IMPORTANT:** You can’t configure a Cerby-managed phone number when signing
up for an Instagram account. When you have it, configure it in Instagram after
validating your account.

* * *

# **Email swap**

When you automatically swap the email address of your Instagram account for a
Cerby-managed email address, verify it by clicking the link in the
confirmation email you receive from Instagram.

This email is sent to your **Shared Inbox** in Cerby, and to be able to click
the link, you must forward the message. Follow the instructions in the [How to
forward a message from your Cerby
inbox](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6119548-how-to-forward-a-message-
from-your-cerby-inbox) article, and then open your email to confirm your email
address for Instagram.

After confirming the email, you can log in to your Instagram account
automatically from Cerby.

* * *

# **Invalid MFA verification code**

Occasionally, when you log in automatically to your Instagram account from
Cerby and have MFA on, Instagram shows an error indicating that the
verification code is incorrect, even when it is correct.

## Solution

If you encounter this error, Cerby recommends manually entering the
verification code. Depending on the verification method you have configured in
Cerby, retrieve the code from the Cerby extension, the Cerby mobile app, or
the **Shared Inbox** in the Cerby web app.

If you still encounter the error, use one of the recovery or backup codes you
saved previously in Cerby. To retrieve a code, you must complete the following
steps:

  1. Click the **Settings** icon of the corresponding Instagram account card in the Cerby web app. The **Settings** tab is displayed on the account details page.

  2. Click the **View Codes** button located in the **Emergency Controls** section. The **Confirm your identity to continue** dialog box is displayed.

  3. Click the **It’s me!** button in the **Confirmation Request** screen of the Cerby mobile app to confirm your identity. The dialog box in the Cerby web app closes, and the **View MFA Backup Codes** dialog box is displayed with the codes. 

**IMPORTANT:** Remember that you can only use a recovery or backup code once.
If you need to generate a new set of codes, follow the corresponding
instructions in the [How you can use a recovery code on
Instagram](https://help.instagram.com/1006568999411025) official
documentation, and save the new codes in Cerby, as described in the [Manual
MFA
enrollment](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FAvfdPzrikg4pzQGO5xWNl5Wgs0xBTWoegWyPtKfbPI/edit#heading=h.4x1fsgnmg2s6)
section.

