# Manage the attachments of a secret and secret item

**Description:** This article describes how to manage attachments of the secrets you have added or that you were granted shared access as Owner in Cerby.

{% hint style="info" %} **Who can use this feature?** * Workspace**Owners** ,
**Super Admins** , **Admins** , and **Users** * Secret and secret item
**Owners** * You must have set your [trusted
devices](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8142370-how-to-set-up-and-manage-
your-trusted-devices) * Available in the Cerby web app, browser extension, and
mobile app {% endhint %}

You can perform the following management actions on an attachment for a secret
and secret item (WiFi, SSH keys, database, server, and custom item) that was
already added to a workspace:

  * Download attachment

  * Add attachment

  * Remove attachment

The following sections describe each action.

* * *

# Download attachment

You can download an attachment using the following Cerby client apps:

  * Cerby web app

  * Cerby browser extension

  * Cerby mobile app

The following sections describe how to download an attachment in each Cerby
client app.

## **Cerby web app**

To download an attachment using the Cerby web app, you must complete the
following steps:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **Secrets** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Secrets** page is displayed.

  3. Click the **Settings** icon of the corresponding secret card. The secret details page is displayed with the **Settings** tab activated.

**NOTE:** If an identity challenge is configured, the **Confirm your identity
to continue** dialog box is displayed. To confirm your identity, use one of
[Cerby's multi-factor authentication
methods](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9462605-verify-your-identity-with-
cerby-s-mfa-methods).

  4. Click the corresponding attachment from the **Attachments** section. The file is downloaded to your computer, and a success message box is displayed.

  5. Open the file attachment using the corresponding app.

## **Cerby browser extension**

To download an attachment using the Cerby browser extension, you must complete
the following steps:

  1. Open the Cerby browser extension popup.

  2. Log in to your corresponding workspace using the Cerby browser extension.

  3. Activate the **Secrets** tab. All your saved and shared secrets are displayed.

  4. Click the corresponding secret card. The secret details page is displayed with the content of the secret and its attachments.

**NOTE:** If an identity challenge is configured, the **Confirm your identity
to continue** dialog box is displayed. To confirm your identity, use one of
[Cerby's multi-factor authentication
methods](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9462605-verify-your-identity-with-
cerby-s-mfa-methods).

  5. Click the corresponding attachment. The secret details page is displayed with the **Settings** tab activated in the Cerby web app.

  6. Complete steps 2 and 3 of the instructions to download an attachment from the section Cerby web app.

## **Cerby mobile app**

To learn how to download attachments in the Cerby mobile app, read the article
[Download the attachments of a secret and secret item in the Cerby mobile
app](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9757873-download-the-attachments-of-a-
secret-and-secret-item-in-the-cerby-mobile-app).

* * *

# Add attachment

To add an attachment to a secret or secret item, you must complete the
following steps using the Cerby web app:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **Secrets** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Secrets** screen is displayed.

  3. Click the **Settings** icon of the corresponding secret card. The secret details page is displayed with the **Settings** tab activated.

**NOTE:** If an identity challenge is configured, the **Confirm your identity
to continue** dialog box is displayed. To confirm your identity, use one of
[Cerby's multi-factor authentication
methods](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9462605-verify-your-identity-with-
cerby-s-mfa-methods).

  4. Click the **Add attachment** button located in the **Attachments** section. A file dialog box is displayed.

  5. Select the file you want to add as an attachment to the secret. For more information on the size limits and supported file formats, read the [Specifications](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/7216784-explore-secrets#h_4d6ff4fb5e) section.

  6. Click the **Open** button. The file dialog box closes, and the file is displayed in the **Attachments** section.

  7. Repeat steps 4 to 6 as necessary.

* * *

# Remove attachment

To remove an attachment from a secret or secret item, you must complete the
following steps using the Cerby web app:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **Secrets** option from the left navigation drawer. The **Secrets** screen is displayed.

  3. Click the **Settings** icon of the corresponding secret card. The secret details page is displayed with the **Settings** tab activated.

**NOTE:** If an identity challenge is configured, the **Confirm your identity
to continue** dialog box is displayed. To confirm your identity, use one of
[Cerby's multi-factor authentication
methods](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9462605-verify-your-identity-with-
cerby-s-mfa-methods).

  4. Click the **Cancel** icon of the corresponding file attachment located in the **Attachments** section. The **Delete attachment?** dialog box is displayed.

  5. Click the **Delete attachment** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed.

  6. Repeat steps 4 and 5 as necessary.

