# Why managing your paid social apps through Cerby

**Description:** This article describes the benefits of managing the users and assets of your paid social apps through Cerby.

Paid social apps, also known as business centers, are a helpful tool for
companies that want to centralize the management of their social media
accounts and assets, which typically consist of paid assets (such as ad
accounts) and organic assets (such as pages, pins, videos, and stories).

However, by being directly linked to your brand, paid social apps are highly
valuable resources to protect from cyberattacks. Without the proper protection
and security best practices, attackers might gain access to your account
credentials, which could lead to significant data breaches, data theft, site
compromise, and millions of dollars in costs.

Cerby leverages an API- and RPA-based integration to connect your paid social
apps with your Cerby workspace. With this connection, you can import your user
data such as ad accounts, pages, and members into Cerby to manage them
securely and via one single pane of glass.

This article describes the benefits of managing your paid social apps through
Cerby.

# **Benefits of managing your paid social apps through Cerby**

The following are the benefits of managing your paid social apps through
Cerby:

  * Centralize account management

  * Automate user deprovisioning

  * Secure access to business centers and assets

The following sections describe each benefit.

## **Centralize account management**

When you connect a paid social app to Cerby, you can assign, manage, and audit
all user access to your business centers from one single location. Instead of
using different user interfaces (for example, the dashboards of Meta Business
Manager, TikTok For Business, or Pinterest Business), you can bring all of
your workflows into our integrated interface.

The Cerby dashboard, as shown in **Figure 1** , enables you to perform the
following actions:

  * Assign or modify the account role within Cerby and the native business center role of members.

  * Share the business center account and assets with members of your corporate directory when your corporate single sign-on (SSO) system is configured with Cerby.

![](gitbook/images-okhXf9qS4gw3OS639GugG5qFWauOksBxLB8_24uw12YH6wgyr7I_RibY2Bfrx7i1SnI5oUr6B4hWQyeM9YIRSHyUWd2Skmpth8XKDWFkt8hScgrk3YnpoFmPDlOcDm0eoUyIk6HZyYt_31tGo3u2w)

**Figure 1.** Homepage of the Cerby dashboard

## **Automate user deprovisioning**

Cerby enables you to map your personal profile identities to real corporate
records in your corporate SSO system. With this feature, you can remove users
in your paid social apps automatically if and when a user is removed from your
corporate SSO system.

You no longer need to worry about remembering to remove access in each
individual business centerâ€™s user interface for a former teammate. Cerby does
this for you automatically.

Currently, Cerby supports the following identity providers (IDPs) for business
centers, and you can read the documentation from our [Cerby Help
Center](https://help.cerby.com) to guide you on how to configure them:

  * Okta

    * [How to Enable Okta User Provisioning with SCIM](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5457593-how-to-enable-okta-user-provisioning-with-scim)

    * [How to Configure SSO Between Cerby and Okta with SAML](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5457568-how-to-configure-sso-between-cerby-and-okta-with-saml)

  * Azure AD

    * [How to Configure Automatic User Provisioning for Azure AD](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5638472-how-to-configure-automatic-user-provisioning-for-azure-ad)

    * [How to Configure the Cerby App Gallery SAML App with Your Azure AD Tenant](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5457563-how-to-configure-the-cerby-app-gallery-saml-app-with-your-azure-ad-tenant)

## **Secure access to business centers and assets**

By managing user access through our platform, you and your team members only
care about remembering one set of credentials to log in to Cerby. So, forget
about sharing credentials with others (including third parties such as
contractors and agencies) through email, phone, or a sticky note.

Cerby also enables you to grant or share access to specific assets of your
business center account.

* * *

# **Add a business center account to Cerby**

To add a business center account, complete the corresponding detailed
instructions we prepared for you in our Help Center:

  * [How to Add a Pinterest Business Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6119728-how-to-add-a-pinterest-business-account)

  * [How to Add a TikTok For Business Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6273647-how-to-add-a-tiktok-for-business-account)

  * [How to Add a Snapchat Business Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6273393-how-to-add-a-snapchat-business-account)

  * [How to Add a Facebook Business Manager Account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5528269-how-to-add-a-facebook-business-manager-account)

