# How to turn on MFA in TikTok manually

**Description:** This article describes how to turn on MFA in TikTok manually using a Cerby-managed phone number and email address.

The Cerby platform has a central feature that enables users to automatically
turn on multi-factor authentication (MFA) for their accounts with service
providers. This feature adds an extra layer of security to authentication
processes.

However, not all service providers support automation for turning on MFA from
Cerby. In these cases, users must manually configure MFA in the platforms of
their service providers.

This article describes the steps to configure MFA in TikTok manually using a
Cerby-managed phone number and email address.

# **Requirements**

The following are the requirements to turn on MFA in TikTok:

  * An account in Cerby with an **Account Owner** role.

  * A TikTok account onboarded in Cerby.

  * An active account on TikTok.

  * The TikTok mobile application installed on your mobile phone. 

**IMPORTANT:** You cannot configure MFA in TikTok using a browser; you must
use the TikTok mobile application. However, to create and configure a Cerby-
managed email address and phone number, use a browser on your desktop computer
or laptop.

# **Turning on MFA in TikTok**

To configure MFA in TikTok, you must complete two main steps from the TikTok
mobile application:

  1. Link verification methods

  2. Turn on MFA

The following sections describe each main step.

# **1\. Link verification methods**

Depending on how you signed up for a TikTok account, you may have configured a
phone number or email address, or even turned on MFA. Regardless of what you
have configured, you must first link these verification methods to a Cerby-
managed phone number and email address before turning on MFA.

To link the verification methods, complete the following steps:

  1. Open the TikTok application on your mobile phone with your account.

  2. Tap the **Profile** button located on the right in the bottom navigation drawer. A screen with your profile is displayed.

  3. Tap the **Menu** icon located at the top right of the screen. A drop-down menu is displayed.

  4. Tap the **Settings and privacy** option from the list. The **Settings and privacy** screen is displayed.

  5. Tap the **Account** button located in the **Account** section. The **Account** screen is displayed.

  6. Tap the **Account information** button. The **Account information** screen is displayed with the **Phone number** and **Email** fields. Depending on the values of these fields, you must complete one or both of the following steps:

     * **Link a new verification method.** It applies when the **Phone number** or **Email** fields, or both, don’t display any value.

     * **Change a verification method.** It applies when the **Phone number** or **Email** fields, or both, display their corresponding value, and this value is not a Cerby-managed phone number or email address.

The following sections describe the steps of each alternative.

## Link a new verification method

To link a new verification method, you must complete different steps from the
**Account information** screen of the TikTok mobile application, depending on
the field with the missing value:

  * **Phone number**

  * **Email**

The following sections describe the steps to link each verification method.

## Phone number

To link a Cerby-managed phone number as a verification method, complete the
following steps:

  1. Tap the **Phone number** field. The **Enter phone number** screen is displayed.

  2. Select the **United States** option from the **Select country/region** drop-down list.

**NOTE:** Currently, Cerby only supports phone numbers in the United States of
America.

  3. Enter the phone number provided by Cerby in the **Phone number** field. TikTok uses this phone number to recover your password and send a verification code. To create a phone number managed by Cerby, follow the Create a Cerby-managed phone number or email address instructions.

  4. Tap the **Send code** button. The **Enter 6-digit code** screen is displayed.

  5. Enter the verification code. This code is sent by TikTok to the phone number you have created in Cerby. To retrieve the code, follow the Retrieve the verification code from Cerby instructions.

The **Enter 6-digit code** screen closes automatically when you enter the
verification code, and the **Manage account** screen is displayed with a
success message.

## Email

To link a Cerby-managed email address as a verification method, complete the
following steps:

  1. Tap the **Email** field. The **Enter email address** screen is displayed.

  2. Enter the email address provided by Cerby in the **Email address** field. TikTok uses this email to send a verification code. To create an email address managed by Cerby, follow the Create a Cerby-managed phone number or email address instructions.

  3. Tap the **Send code** button. The **Enter 6-digit code** screen is displayed.

  4. Enter the verification code. This code is sent by TikTok to the email address you have created in Cerby. To retrieve the code, follow the instructions retrieve the verification code from Cerby.

The **Enter 6-digit code** screen of the TikTok application closes
automatically when you enter the verification code, and the **Your email was
added** screen is displayed with a success message.

  5. Tap the **No thanks** button. The **Your email was added** screen closes, and the **Manage account** screen is displayed. 

## Change a verification method

To change a verification method, you must complete different steps from the
**Account information** screen of the TikTok mobile application depending on
the field with a configured value:

  * **Phone number**

  * **Email**

The following sections describe the steps to change each verification method.

## Phone number

To change the configured phone number to a Cerby-managed phone number as a
verification method, complete the following steps:

  1. Tap the **Phone number** field. A dialog box is displayed.

  2. Tap the **Change phone** button. The **Verify your identity** menu is displayed at the bottom of the screen.

  3. Click the **Use phone number** button. The **Enter 6-digit code** screen is displayed.

  4. Enter the verification code sent via SMS to the configured phone number. The **Enter 6-digit code** screen closes automatically when you enter the code, and the **Enter new phone number** screen is displayed.

  5. Select the **United States** option from the **Select country/region** drop-down list.

**NOTE:** Currently, Cerby only supports phone numbers in the United States of
America.

  6. Enter the phone number provided by Cerby in the **Phone number** field. TikTok uses this phone number to recover your password and send a verification code. To create a phone number managed by Cerby, follow the Create a Cerby-managed phone number or email address instructions.

  7. Tap the **Send code** button. The **Enter 6-digit code** screen is displayed.

  8. Enter the verification code. This code is sent by TikTok to the phone number you have created in Cerby. To retrieve the code, follow the Retrieve the verification code from Cerby instructions.

The **Enter 6-digit code** screen closes automatically when you enter the
verification code, and the **Manage account** screen is displayed with a
success message.

## Email

To change the configured email address to a Cerby-managed email address as a
verification method, complete the following steps:

  1. Tap the **Email** field. A dialog box is displayed.

  2. Tap the **Change email** button. The **Enter 6-digit code** screen is displayed.

  3. Enter the verification code sent to the configured email address. The **Enter 6-digit code** screen closes automatically when you enter the code, and the **Change email address** screen is displayed.

  4. Enter the email address provided by Cerby in the **Email address** field. TikTok uses this email to send a verification code. To create an email address managed by Cerby, follow the Create a Cerby-managed phone number or email address instructions.

  5. Tap the **Send code** button. The **Enter 6-digit code** screen is displayed.

  6. Enter the verification code. This code is sent by TikTok to the email address you have created in Cerby. To retrieve the code, follow the Retrieve the verification code from Cerby instructions.

The **Enter 6-digit code** screen of the TikTok application closes
automatically when you enter the verification code, and the **Your email was
added** screen is displayed with a success message.

  7. Tap the **No thanks** button. The **Your email was added** screen closes, and the **Manage account** screen is displayed.

* * *

# **2\. Turn on MFA**

To turn on MFA, complete the following steps:

  1. Open the TikTok application on your mobile phone with your account.

  2. Tap the **Profile** button located at the right in the bottom navigation drawer. A screen with your profile is displayed.

  3. Tap the **Menu** icon located at the top right of the screen. A drop-down menu is displayed.

  4. Tap the **Settings and privacy** option from the list. The **Settings and privacy** screen is displayed.

  5. Tap the **Security** button located in the **Account** section. The **Security** screen is displayed with the **2-step verification** option with an “Off” status.

**NOTE:** If you have already turned on MFA, the **2-step verification**
option is displayed with an “On” status. In this case, you are done.

  6. Tap the **2-step verification** button. The **2-step verification** screen is displayed. You are prompted to select at least two verification methods to turn on MFA.

  7. Enable the **SMS** and **Email** options. The **Turn on** button is enabled when you select both options.

  8. Tap the **Turn on** button. The **2-step verification** screen displays a success message.

Now you are done.

* * *

# **Create a Cerby-managed phone number or email address**

To create a phone number or email address managed by Cerby, complete the
following steps from the Cerby web application:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace in a browser.

  2. Click the **Settings** icon of the corresponding TikTok account card. The account details page is displayed with the **Settings** tab activated. 

You must complete different steps depending on the verification method you
want Cerby to provide:

     * Create a phone number

     * Create an email address

The following sections describe the steps for each alternative.

## **Create a phone number**

To create a phone number, complete the following steps from the **Settings**
tab:

  1. Activate the **Create Phone Number** switch located in the **CONTACT CREATION** section. The **Cerby-generated Phone Number** dialog box is displayed with a phone number in the **Cerby-generated phone number** field.

  2. Select the “I will add the phone number to TikTok account setting” option. The **Create Phone Number** button is enabled.

  3. Click the **Create Phone Number** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed. The new phone number is displayed in the **Details** section.

**IMPORTANT:** Make sure you complete steps 2 and 3; if you omit them, Cerby
will not create the phone number. Therefore, if you copy the phone number and
configure it in TikTok, you will never be able to receive any verification
code.

**TIP:** Keep your Cerby workspace open because you need it to retrieve the
verification code from the **Shared Inbox**.

## **Create an Email Address**

To create an email address, complete the following steps from the **Settings**
tab:

  1. Activate the **Create Email Address** switch located in the **CONTACT CREATION** section. The **Add a Cerby managed email** dialog box is displayed.

  2. Click the **Protect my email address** button. A success message is displayed. 

  3. Click the **Set up email address** button. The **Auto-forward messages** dialog box is displayed.

  4. Click the **Skip** button. The **Update email address on <account name>** dialog box is displayed.

  5. Click the **Confirm** button. The dialog box closes, and a success message box is displayed. The new email address is displayed in the **Details** section.

**TIP:** Keep your Cerby workspace open because you need it to retrieve the
verification code from the **Shared Inbox**.

* * *

# **Retrieve the verification code from Cerby**

To retrieve the verification code from Cerby, whether it was sent by TikTok
via SMS or email, complete the following steps:

  1. Open your Cerby workspace in the browser.

  2. Click the **Shared Inbox** button in the left-side navigation drawer. The **Shared Inbox** view is displayed with a table of messages. The verification code is displayed in the **Message** column of the corresponding TikTok SMS or email message.

* * *

# **Turn off MFA**

When you have MFA turned on but you need to unlink the email address to
perform a swap email automation workflow from Cerby, you must turn off MFA in
TikTok manually.

To turn off MFA, complete the following steps:

  1. Open the TikTok application on your mobile phone with your account.

  2. Tap the **Profile** button located at the right in the bottom navigation drawer. A screen with your profile is displayed.

  3. Tap the **Menu** icon located at the top right of the screen. A drop-down menu is displayed.

  4. Tap the **Settings and privacy** option from the list. The **Settings and privacy** screen is displayed.

  5. Tap the **Security** button located in the **Account** section. The **Security** screen is displayed with the **2-step verification** option with an “On” status.

  6. Tap the **2-step verification** button. The **2-step verification** screen is displayed.

  7. Tap the **Turn off** button. The **Turn off 2-step verification?** dialog box is displayed.

  8. Tap the **Turn off** button. The **Enter password** screen is displayed.

  9. Enter your password in the text field.

  10. Tap the **Next** button. The **2-step verification** screen is displayed with the “2-step verification turned off” message.

