# Explore guest users

**Description:** This article describes the key benefits of guest users, a role that enables you to share items with external collaborators through Cerby.

With Cerby, you have a secure way to collaborate closer with external parties
through guest users. This role enables you to invite any collaborator who
doesn't belong to your domain or corporate directory to join your Cerby
workspace.

Unlike a [host-guest
partnership](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8980877-explore-
partners#h_735a5e4908), where you must establish a connection with another
Cerby workspace to share accounts, with the guest user role, you can directly
share items (accounts, secrets, and collections) because your external
collaborators are part of your workspace, using an identity and account
provided and managed by Cerby. Therefore, they are searchable through the
item-sharing dialog boxes.

Management of guest users is performed by **Workspace Owners** , **Super
Admins** , and **Admins** , and invites can be sent by any workspace member in
three ways:

  * From the [Password Manager Importer](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/7175132-how-to-use-the-password-manager-importer?q=roles#h_40dceb49ed), to persist the imported user access permissions on LastPass folders, passwords, and secure notes to Cerby collections, accounts, and secrets.

  * From the **[All Members](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9317127-invite-a-guest-user-to-your-workspace#h_e4bee94187)**[ view](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9317127-invite-a-guest-user-to-your-workspace#h_e4bee94187), via a direct invite.

  * From the **[Partners](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8980877-explore-partners#h_7e4add33a2)**[ view](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8980877-explore-partners#h_7e4add33a2), when external collaborators belong to a local partner.

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** If your external collaborators are
already managed by your identity provider (such as Okta or Entra ID), contact
your Cerby Admin or IT team to assign them to Cerby as regular workspace
members. {% endhint %}

After joining Cerby, all of the workspace members from your organization who
have the **Owner** role on collections, accounts, and secrets can share their
items directly with guest users or via a local partnership. However, they can
only grant them the **Collaborator** role.

Guest users are displayed on a table within the **Guest** tab of the **All
Members** view, as shown in **Figure 1**.

![Screenshot of the Guest tab of the All Members view. The Add member drop-
down list is displayed to select the Guest option and invite an external
collaborator as guest
user.](gitbook/imagesCXJfurD0UDWPOV3mFmrSkVlw_ys3eUZTyHw0eF8MIUqitXFpuN75oj3Ze7zBueeTZf-2zJl4oOxkiA1Cvg5FqAc2-dBgR_pW6TnZQLNKlgS6I4SV8owNwS1uGe3jdQLpyXwuNXyE-
BFgGmeXJWV__9o)

Figure 1. **Guest** tab within the **All Members** view

Access of guest users to the following workspace features is limited as
follows:

  * They cannot access the **All members** view.

  * They cannot access the**Distribution Lists** view.

  * They cannot use the Password Manager Importer.

  * They can only view the teams to which they belong.

  * They can only view their user activity through the **Activity** view.

  * They cannot invite other guest users.

For more information about roles and supported features, read the article [How
Cerby manages roles](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8500649-how-cerby-
manages-roles).

If you are interested in this feature but don't see it available in your
workspace, contact your **Admin** or our Customer Support team via email at
[support@cerby.com](mailto:support@cerby.com).

* * *

# Related articles

The following articles contain more information about invitations and
management of guest users:

  * [Invite a guest user to your workspace](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9317127-invite-a-guest-user-to-your-workspace)

  * [Join Cerby from a guest user invite](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9317157-join-cerby-from-a-guest-user-invite)

  * [Log in to Cerby as a guest user](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9317182-log-in-to-cerby-as-a-guest-user)

  * [Remove a guest user from your workspace](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9317141-remove-a-guest-user)

  * [Remove guest user access to an item](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9317146-remove-guest-user-access-to-an-item)

