# Invite a guest user to your workspace

**Description:** This article describes how to invite a guest user to join your Cerby workspace and be available for item sharing.

{% hint style="info" %} **Who can use this feature?** * Workspace**Owners** ,
**Super Admins** , **Admins** , and **Users** * Only supported using the Cerby
web app * If you are interested in this feature but don't see it available in
your workspace, contact your **Admin** or our Customer Support team via email
at [support@cerby.com](mailto:support@cerby.com). {% endhint %}

You can invite a guest user to your workspace in the following three ways:

  * From the All members view

  * From the Password Manager Importer

  * From the Partners view

The following sections describe each way.

* * *

# From the All members view

To send a direct guest user invite from the **All members** view, you must
complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **All members** option from the left navigation drawer. The **All members** view is displayed.

  3. Click the **Add member** button. A drop-down list is displayed, as shown in **Figure 1.**

![Screenshot of the Guest tab of the All Members view. The Add member drop-
down list is displayed to select the Guest option and invite an external
collaborator as guest
user.](gitbook/imagesisbQKxaS_6IYkuIKBdg3Nwi9ebDfCf7MYtTiLPaEKkPrd8n86_ZWT2AR8tWGJ9YItbImrokgU1cOjTPs1D4Mhb7-wGcI4y7d3q5QlezLY469ikt3tLz9eizdLJNgZ_ISB1pGniqTpDoud395NjfTIZo)

**Figure 1.** **All members** view of the Cerby web app dashboard

  4. Select the **Guest** option from the list. The **Invite guest user** dialog box is displayed.

  5. Enter the guest user’s email address in the **Email** field.

  6. Click the **Send invite** button. The dialog box closes, a success message box is displayed, and the invite is sent to the guest user’s email.

Now you are done. The guest user must open the invite and set up their account
to join your Cerby workspace. For instructions, read the article [Join Cerby
from a guest user invite](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9317157-join-
cerby-from-a-guest-user-invite). After joining, they are displayed in the
**Guest** tab of the **All Members** view.

If, for any reason, the external collaborator doesn’t receive the invite, you
can resend it by following the instructions in the Resend a guest user invite
section.

* * *

# From the Password Manager Importer

To send a guest user invite from the Password Manager Importer, you must
follow the instructions from the [Guest
user](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/7175132-how-to-use-the-password-
manager-importer#h_40dceb49ed) section of the article [How to use the Password
Manager Importer](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/7175132-how-to-use-the-
password-manager-importer).

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** Invites to guest users can only be
sent after a successful migration of LastPass items and user access
permissions. {% endhint %}

* * *

# From the Partners view

To send a guest user invite from the Partners view, as part of a local
partner, you must follow the instructions from the [Invite a Guest User to a
local partner](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9039128-manage-a-local-
partner-s-guest-members#h_61d6454f68) section of the article [Manage a local
partner’s guest members](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9039128-manage-a-
local-partner-s-guest-members).

* * *

# Resend a guest user invite

If you have sent an invite to a guest user and want to send a new invite, you
must complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to your corresponding [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Select the **All members** option from the left navigation drawer. The **All members** view is displayed.

  3. Activate the **Guest** tab. A list of guest users is displayed on a table.

  4. Click the **More options** icon of the corresponding guest user. A drop-down list is displayed.

  5. Select the **Resend invite** option. The **Resend invite** dialog box is displayed.

  6. Click the **Resend invite** button. The dialog box closes, a success message box is displayed, and the invite is sent to the guest user’s email address.

Now you are done.

