# Configure your accounts with the highest security level

**Description:** This article describes the benefits of configuring your accounts with the highest security level in Cerby and the milestones to complete.

Cerby is the world's first user-driven security platform for unmanageable
apps. It automates manual processes, uncovers security issues, and empowers
users to implement Zero Trust principles.

Automation is a core differentiation of our experience. In addition to saving
you time to access the apps you use to do your job, our automation workflows
help you enforce security best practices automatically before
misconfigurations become breaches.

To make automation work and exploit the highest security level of our
platform, Cerby suggests you fully configure the accounts you manage through
Cerby. The more security layers you add, the more protected your accounts are.

A fully configured account in Cerby involves completing the following
milestones:

  1. Ensure the account credentials are correct

  2. Configure your account with an email address managed by Cerby

  3. Turn on MFA managed by Cerby

  4. Share the account with collaborators

  5. Rotate passwords automatically in Cerby

The following sections describe each milestone.

* * *

# 1\. Ensure the account credentials are correct

The first security layer Cerby offers is to store your credentials, so you can
autofill them using the Cerby browser extension and mobile app when manually
logging in to your apps, just as it happens with password managers.

As mentioned above, automation is what differentiates Cerby. Unlike password
managers, you can trigger an automation workflow from the Cerby dashboard to
log in automatically to the apps supported by Cerby. For more information, see
the [Which Apps and Automation Workflows are Supported by
Cerby](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-
workflows-are-supported-by-cerby) article.

That is why, from the moment of the account creation in Cerby, you must always
ensure that the credentials stored in Cerby are correct. Any discrepancy will
result in being unable to access your account through Cerby.

* * *

# 2\. Configure your account with an email address managed by Cerby

The second security layer is to configure your account with an email address
created and managed by Cerby. In addition to ensuring compliance with
corporate security policies, it improves the login processes of your apps
through automation.

When MFA is on, an automation workflow retrieves the verification codes from
your **Shared Inbox** in Cerby and automatically fills in the login
information to access your apps automatically. These codes are available to
all the team members who access the same shared account.

So, say goodbye to asking former team members or colleagues on vacation for
verification codes when personal emails are set up on behalf of your company
to create business accounts in external apps.

Remember that it is a security best practice to use verification methods
(email addresses and phone numbers) controlled by your company in your app
accounts because sensitive information is secured, and continuity is not
affected.

For more information and instructions, see the [Add a Cerby-managed email or
phone number to your
account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6393770-video-how-to-add-a-cerby-
managed-email-or-phone-number-to-your-account) video.

* * *

# 3\. Turn on MFA managed by Cerby

The third security layer, which also complies with corporate security
policies, is to turn on MFA using a verification method managed by Cerby.

MFA is one of the most impactful cybersecurity best practices. According to
Microsoft, 99.9% of the compromised accounts they track daily don’t have a
multi-factor authentication method.

As mentioned in the previous section, you can configure the Cerby mobile app
as an authenticator or use an email address and phone number managed by Cerby
as verification methods to ensure secure access to your accounts. Usually,
when Cerby manages your account's email address and password, MFA happens
automatically.

Unlike other authenticator apps, when you turn on MFA with Cerby, verification
codes are automatically entered by Cerby’s login automation and distributed to
all the account members whenever they need to log in to an app.

Turning on MFA is as easy as clicking a button for [supported
apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-
workflows-are-supported-by-cerby). Our automation workflow does all the work
and configuration for you.

* * *

# 4\. Share the account with collaborators

With Cerby, you have full control over your account credentials, so you can
share access only with specific team members and with the access level you
want, even considering the native permission roles of your app, whether it is
a regular or a business center account.

Additionally, when Cerby is configured for user provisioning with your
identity provider (IDP), you can ensure to share accounts with the team
members from your corporate directory. With our **Partnership** feature to be
released soon, you will be able to share accounts easily with third parties,
such as agencies and contractors.

Sharing an account through Cerby with all the corresponding collaborators is
necessary before rotating the password. That way you ensure your team members
retain access to the account.

For more information, see the [How to share a Business Center and its
assets](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5618984-video-how-to-share-a-
business-center-and-its-assets) and [How to share access to accounts with
teammates](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5605252-video-how-to-share-
access-to-accounts-with-teammates) videos.

* * *

# 5\. Rotate passwords automatically in Cerby

The fifth security layer is to rotate passwords automatically with secure and
robust new passwords generated by Cerby for your accounts.

With our **Policies** feature, you can enforce password rotation for all
accounts within a determined time. Also, you can trigger rotation from
external actions, such as deprovisioned employees and account breaches.

The goal is to ensure that former employees don’t retain access to sensitive
information and apps, and limit the timeframe for attackers to leverage a
stolen password. By managing passwords, Cerby ensures that all members of a
shared account don’t lose access when passwords change.

Automatic password rotation is enabled only for [supported
apps](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-which-apps-and-automation-
workflows-are-supported-by-cerby) using automation workflows executed from the
Cerby web app.

* * *

# Key Takeaways

Cerby is a must-have for technology executives and their teams to protect the
brand, stay secure, and increase productivity.

When you have an account fully configured in Cerby, security is automatically
enforced and you only have to worry about doing your daily job. Also, you can
continue to onboard and manage your preferred solutions freely, with minimal
but sufficient involvement from your IT department.

