# Set up and associate a Cerby-managed phone number for your account

**Description:** This article describes how to set up and associate a Cerby-managed phone number for your account.

{% hint style="info" %} **Who can use this feature?** * Workspace**Owners** ,
**Super Admins** , **Admins** , and **Users** * **Account Owners** * Only
supported using the Cerby web app **IMPORTANT:** If you use local vaults, you
must have already set up at least one [trusted
session](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8142370-set-up- trusted-sessions-
on-your-devices) on your devices. {% endhint %}

As an account **Owner** , you can set up and associate a Cerby-managed phone
number for your account. This contact detail in your account settings is
central to how Cerby secures and streamlines access to your apps.

With a Cerby-managed phone number, all SMS messages are routed to your
dedicated in-platform Shared Inbox, providing a centralized and private
channel for all digital communications related to your account.

When used as a multi-factor authentication (MFA) verification method, Cerby
retrieves the verification codes sent via SMS to the Cerby-managed phone
number and enters the codes to perform automated logins for you. These codes
are shared with all users who have access to your account, enabling automated
logins for them as well. For more information, read the article [Turn on MFA
with a Cerby-managed phone number for your
account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/11889236-turn-on-mfa-with-a-cerby-
managed-phone-number-for-your-account).

**IMPORTANT:** Depending on what the app supports, Cerby provides VoIP or non-
VoIP phone numbers based in the US (using the +1 country code) for your
accounts. Additionally, some apps may not support Cerby-managed email
addresses.  
---  
  
* * *

# **Requirements**

The following are the requirements to set up and associate a Cerby-managed
phone number for your account:

  * A Cerby workspace

  * A Cerby user account with the workspace **Owner** , **Super** **Admin** , **Admin** , or **User** role

  * An account in an app or service provider

  * An account added to Cerby to which you have the **Owner** role

* * *

# **Set up and associate a Cerby-managed phone number for your account**

To set up and associate a Cerby-managed phone number for your account, you
must complete the following main steps:

  1. Create the Cerby-managed phone number

  2. Associate the Cerby-managed phone number with your account

The following sections describe each main step.

## **1\. Create the Cerby-managed phone number**

To create the Cerby-managed phone number, you must complete the following
steps using the Cerby web app:

  1. Log in to your [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Click the corresponding account card. The account details page is displayed.

  3. Click the **Create phone number** button that appears when hovering over the **Phone Number Linked to Account** field. The **Cerby-generated Phone Number** dialog box is displayed.  
​**NOTE:** Depending on the app requirements and settings, some apps may not
support Cerby-managed email addresses; the **Create phone number** button is
not displayed in these cases.

  4. Click the **Copy** (![](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/pc0ldyqu/1646126846/9587bcc8b20c053a1fe7e5e5bdaf/AD_4nXf2Stiz2Y2t4_Grd1YsrWZ7bKg4YTj4tGZBgH_rtjnjjjaw4sqB7Q_noatkuL0R6SgziqBGTjk0FuQGgK-gg5t18DRZGTfVwd7BcYn7h2pumokejFIMEsJRoKaKP8mer0OsiM8isA?expires=1754028000&signature=703981737bb0d9038eba7272fcf1ba226a795f34e6c225dcd3621f07d19ab607&req=dSYjEMh8m4lbX%2FMW3Hu4gVDKmJO9qBlY8tUdkJaxBuiHx%2BIaYP6HJ%2BhFFz8A%0AOQ%3D%3D%0A)) icon to copy the phone number.

  5. Select the **I will add the phone number to <account name> account setting** option.

  6. Click the **Create Phone Number** button. The dialog box closes, and the Cerby-managed phone number is displayed in the **Phone Number Linked to Account** field.

The next step is 2\. Associate the Cerby-managed phone number with your
account.

## **2\. Associate the Cerby-managed phone number with your account**

To associate the Cerby-managed phone number with your account, you must
complete the following steps in your app:

  1. Log in to your account using the app or service provider.

  2. Navigate to the account settings.

  3. Associate the Cerby-managed phone number with your account by pasting the number you copied previously and saving the changes.

  4. Verify the new phone number, if prompted.

**NOTE:** Usually, you must enter a verification code to complete the
association process. To retrieve the code, look for the SMS received in the
Shared Inbox or account inbox. For instructions, read the article [View the
messages sent to a Cerby-managed email address or phone
number](https://View%20the%20messages%20sent%20to%20a%20Cerby-
managed%20email%20address%20or%20phone%20number).

**IMPORTANT:** Make sure you associate the Cerby-managed phone number with
your account. If you don’t do it, Cerby cannot retrieve verification codes and
streamline your login.  
---  
  
Now you are done.

