# Turn on MFA with a Cerby-managed phone number for your account

**Description:** This article describes how to turn on multi-factor authentication (MFA) with a Cerby-managed phone number for your account.

{% hint style="info" %} **Who can use this feature?** * Workspace**Owners** ,
**Super Admins** , **Admins** , and **Users** * **Account Owners** * Only
supported using the Cerby web app **IMPORTANT:** If you use local vaults, you
must have already set up at least one [trusted
session](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8142370-set-up- trusted-sessions-
on-your-devices) on your devices. {% endhint %}

As an account **Owner** , you can enhance your account's security and
streamline your login by turning on multi-factor authentication (MFA) with a
Cerby-managed phone number.

When configured as an MFA method, verification codes sent via SMS are securely
routed to your dedicated in-platform Shared Inbox. Cerby retrieves these codes
to perform automated logins for you and all users with shared access to your
account.

Beyond SMS-based MFA, Cerby also offers a central feature for turning on MFA
automatically with Cerby as an authenticator app. With one click, Cerby
executes an automation to perform the configuration behind the scenes. When
MFA is on, Cerby provides time-based one-time passwords (TOTPs) for automated
logins. For the list of apps with this feature, read the article [Explore the
supported automated tasks for your managed
accounts](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6263064-explore-the-supported-
automated-tasks-for-your-managed-accounts).

While Cerby recommends using its authenticator app feature for MFA when
supported, some applications may only offer SMS-based MFA or allow for primary
and secondary methods. In such cases, the Cerby-managed phone number is a
reliable and secure secondary MFA method.

* * *

# **Requirements**

The following are the requirements to turn on MFA with a Cerby-managed phone
number:

  * A Cerby workspace

  * A Cerby user account with the workspace **Owner** , **Super** **Admin** , **Admin** , or **User** role

  * An account in an app or service provider

  * An account added to Cerby to which you have the **Owner** role

  * A Cerby-managed phone number already associated with your account. For instructions, read the article [Set up and associate a Cerby-managed phone number for your account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/11889035-set-up-and-associate-a-cerby-managed-phone-number-for-your-account)

* * *

# **Turn on MFA with a Cerby-managed phone number for your account**

To turn on MFA with a Cerby-managed phone number for your account, you must
complete the following steps:

  1. Log in to your account using the app or service provider.

  2. Navigate to the MFA or two-factor authentication (2FA) section in the account security settings.

  3. Activate or select the option to turn on MFA.

  4. Select phone number or SMS as the MFA verification method.

  5. Enter the Cerby-managed phone number.

  6. Verify the phone number when prompted.

**IMPORTANT:** You must enter a verification code to complete the
configuration process. To retrieve the code, look for the SMS received in the
Shared Inbox or account inbox. For instructions, read the article [View the
messages sent to a Cerby-managed email address or phone
number](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/11889348-view-the-messages-sent-to-
a-cerby-managed-email-address-or-phone-number).

Now you are done.

