# View the messages sent to a Cerby-managed email address or phone number

**Description:** This article describes how to view the messages sent to a Cerby-managed email address or phone number.

{% hint style="info" %} **Who can use this feature?** * Workspace**Owners** ,
**Super Admins** , **Admins** , and **Users** * **Account Owners and
Collaborators** * Only supported using the Cerby web app **IMPORTANT:** If you
use local vaults, you must have already set up at least one [trusted
session](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8142370-set-up- trusted-sessions-
on-your-devices) on your devices. {% endhint %}

As an account **Owner** or **Collaborator** , you can seamlessly view all
messages sent to Cerby-managed email addresses or phone numbers associated
with your accounts.

Every email and SMS message for general contact or multi-factor authentication
(MFA) verification codes is automatically routed to your dedicated in-platform
Shared Inbox. This inbox centralizes all your account-related digital
communications in one secure place.

While Cerby automatically retrieves verification codes from this inbox to
perform automated logins for you and all users with shared access to the
account, you can also access it to view the messages and, if needed, forward
emails to other recipients. For more information, read the article [Forward a
message from your Cerby
inbox](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6119548-forward-a-message-from-your-
cerby-inbox).

* * *

# **Requirements**

The following are the requirements to view the messages sent to a Cerby-
managed email address or phone number:

  * A Cerby workspace

  * A Cerby user account with the workspace **Owner** , **Super** **Admin** , **Admin** , or **User** role

  * An account in an app or service provider

  * An account added to Cerby to which you have the **Owner** or **Collaborator** role

  * A Cerby-managed email address or phone number already associated with your account. For instructions, read the articles [Set up and associate a Cerby-managed email address for your account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/11888658-set-up-and-associate-a-cerby-managed-email-address-for-your-account) or [Set up and associate a Cerby-managed phone number for your account](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/11889035-set-up-and-associate-a-cerby-managed-phone-number-for-your-account)

* * *

# **View the messages sent to a Cerby-managed email address or phone number**

You can view the messages sent to a Cerby-managed email address or phone
number in the following two ways:

  * Shared Inbox

  * Account inbox

The following sections describe each way.

## **Shared Inbox**

The Shared Inbox is the container of all the messages sent to all Cerby-
managed email addresses and phone numbers associated with accounts. This inbox
displays a table with the latest messages, and you can filter the results by
app, account, collection, and type.

To view the messages in the Shared Inbox, you must complete the following
steps:

  1. Log in to your [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Click the **Shared Inbox** (![](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/pc0ldyqu/1646134880/0416d1ae85cbf501703f9e347332/AD_4nXdqayLy_QhcqWK4uceKfnBAoESgTuvXddLKe0BC4FPZS0vuOME9BN1qYuQPjqP9KKuZYEf0SciC-nWgkEsOk5_-CAWf07m-97wPgylmz0QogkDuyj5morXiVzrt9I0jqD_ZXlCu?expires=1754028000&signature=b62667bc2a8e1fc6d8523b5ca849a1d18b9463f53363124571ba530d13509b20&req=dSYjEMh9mYlXWfMW3Hu4gT87YopnVA9Of8iG34WKaAWL8xvk4lWFSZJlgJdA%0AYw%3D%3D%0A)) icon located at the top right of the page. The **Shared Inbox** page is displayed with a table of messages.

Now you are done.

## **Account inbox**

The account inbox contains all messages sent to the Cerby-managed email
address and phone number associated with one account. It displays a table with
the latest messages.

To view the messages in the account inbox, you must complete the following
steps:

  1. Log in to your [Cerby](https://app.cerby.com/) workspace.

  2. Click the corresponding account card. The account details page is displayed.

  3. Activate the **Inbox** tab to display a table of messages.

Now you are done.

