# Set up your identity with Cerby's MFA methods

**Description:** This article describes Cerby’s MFA methods for verifying a user’s identity for secrets and Business Hubs and performing other actions.

With Cerby's**multi-factor authentication (MFA) methods** , you can choose how
users confirm their identities through a push notification on the Cerby mobile
app or via an email with a magic link. These methods ensure secure access for
performing identity-sensitive actions, such as viewing or editing a secret,
regardless of any device constraints.

This article describes how each MFA method works and the actions that require
identity confirmation:

  * Push notification on the Cerby mobile app

  * Email magic link

  * List of actions that require identity verification

The following sections contain the steps to confirm your identity using each
method.

# Push notification on the Cerby mobile app

With the push notification on the Cerby mobile app, you receive a push
notification in real time on your registered mobile device whenever you need
to confirm your identity.

{% hint style="danger" %} **IMPORTANT:** Cerby is configured to use this
method by default to confirm users’ identities for the actions listed in the
List of actions that require identity confirmation section. {% endhint %}

To confirm your identity through the Cerby mobile app, you must complete the
following steps:

  1. [Install the Cerby mobile app](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/6395363-getting-started-guide-for-account-owners-and-collaborators#h_116820eaaa) on your phone.

  2. Set up a [trusted session](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8142370-set-up-trusted-sessions-on-your-devices) with your mobile device.

  3. Perform any of the actions listed in the List of actions that require identity confirmation section. The **Confirm your identity to continue** dialog box is displayed, and a push notification is sent to the Cerby mobile app. 

  4. Tap the **It’s me!** button in the **Confirmation Request** screen of the Cerby mobile app. The **Confirm your identity to continue** dialog box closes in the Cerby web app, and a success message box is displayed.

# Email magic link

The email magic link is an alternative if you have restrictions or issues with
receiving push notifications on your phone or if your company prefers to
confirm users’ identities through email. When this option is enabled, you
receive an email containing a magic link that, when clicked, confirms your
identity in the Cerby web app and grants access.

**IMPORTANT:** If you are interested in this feature but don't see it
available in your workspace, contact our **Customer Support** team via email
at [support@cerby.com](mailto:support@cerby.com).  
---  
  
To confirm your identity through an email magic link, you must complete the
following steps:

  1. Perform any of the actions listed in the List of actions that require identity confirmation section. The **Confirm your identity to continue** dialog box is displayed.  
​**NOTE:** The actions apply to any Cerby clients: web app, browser extension,
and mobile app.

  2. Click the **Send email** button. The **Check your inbox** dialog box is displayed, and Cerby sends an email with a magic link to your inbox.

  3. Open the **Action required: Confirm your identity** email in your inbox. 

  4. Click or tap the **Confirm my identity** magic link from the email message. The Cerby web app is displayed on a new browser tab:

     * If the identity confirmation is correct, then the **Identity is confirmed. Your good to go!** message is displayed, and you are redirected to the action you previously performed.

     * If the identity confirmation fails, an error message is displayed, and you must repeat the identity verification process.

# List of actions that require identity confirmation

You must confirm your identity when performing the following actions:

  * [Managing the attachments of a secret and secret item](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8705439-manage-the-attachments-of-a-secret-and-secret-item)

  * [Deleting a secret and secret item](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8705456-delete-a-secret-and-secret-item)

  * [Editing a secret](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8705406-edit-a-secret)

  * [Viewing a secret](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8705383-view-a-secret) (only if the identity verification is configured)

  * [Viewing the secret history and restoring a secret](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8705415-view-the-secret-history-and-restore-a-secret)

  * [Share a secret or secret item](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8705424-manage-access-to-your-secrets-and-secret-items)

  * [Removing an App](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/9046230-remove-an-app)

  * [Retrieving the SCIM API authentication token from Cerby](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/5683294-retrieve-the-scim-api-authentication-token-from-cerby)

  * [Sharing items with external users via a link](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8308908-how-to-share-items-with-external-users-via-a-link)

  * [Creating and managing a vault](https://help.cerby.com/en/articles/8376564-how-to-create-and-manage-a-vault)

